---
layout:default
title: "Book"
permalink: /mybook
---

<p align="justify">

<strong><a href="#chapter1">1. Does God Cook Fish?</a></strong>
<br>
<strong><a href="#chapter2">2. Death, Dreams and Feedback Loops</a></strong>
<br>
<strong><a href="#chapter3">3. Shepherd's Pie Give 'Em Gab</a></strong>
<br>
<strong><a href="#chapter4">4. The Way Back When Before the Big Air</a></strong>

</p>

J. B. Schuyler

*Formidable Philosophical Formulations*
```java
public class Death{
	public static String Eureka!(){

		A Found Big Confusion...
	}
	public void Lost!(){

		Under the blanket stars of the Milky Way...
	}
	public int Born!(){

		Once upon a great while, a sky so entirely Blue...
	}

	public boolean Engineered!(){

		A glow of passion lost its spark...
	}

	public int Start!(){

		self.Reborn!
	}
}
```
<strong id="chapter1">Chapter 1</strong>

And this is the perfect place for a beginning, wouldn't you say? In
blinding light. We begin confused, we exist confused and we die
confused. Are you confused? Get used to it. Make confusion our greatest
friend, shall we? We shall! Cry, cry cry, big baby, have some more
please? In fact we might as well, otherwise the thorn of confusion will
grow into a big beast of absurdity; then we'll be stuck with our faces
in the sands of infinity. To think of it, we might just become so
infatuated with our home of confusion, that we'll gladly embrace the
loving arms of that very self-same absurdity we sought to avoid and feel
*oh so* safe in doing ourselves in for a forever nap. What, thought,
*is* 'Confusion'? Some may know that, the *state of being* confused
produces *great* curiosity, *sew sum an 'ole*, you are such a mirror
with all your projected reflections; you will come to know this, just as
they have known it all this time. With great curiosity, comes great
luminosity, the lighting of the candlewick way is bright and inviting,
you know. It is inevitably leading us to a temporary clarity, in the
daylight of all things and with a little persistence by the wayside,
we'll have plenty of said confused clarity. Clearly confused! Ah, yes,
dear reader, *confusion*, there it is again, let's put forth a question
that will be a friend to us and our confusion, let it laugh along in us,
humming to one form or another throughout these riddled chapters, line
to line, ear to ear, face to face! Yes, cast another kind of line out
into the sea of the unknown, the deep dark blue. To wonder at the simple
calm of it all stare at the precious void, simply face it with anxious
curiosity. 'Wake with an open mind and sleep on a rested soul!', someone
surely said. In other words, don't freak out and storm off when the
question confuses your data capacities, just tap into that curious
creative spirit and press on with humility and daring openness. It's a
curious anxiety that will shepherd our bait in the water as it bobs
against the will of whims. Here's our question, our proverbial bobber if
you will, '*Does.\
God-\
cook... fish?'* I've always wondered this peculiar dribble of a query.
What would a God possibly need a fish for? Does a God eat? Surely, a God
can do anything a God wants to do, they're God. So, what *does* a god
want to do? Would a god want to eat a fish? For what reason? Are there
any other uses for a fish? What are fish for? Does *wanting* and
*needing* presuppose a required usefulness to a certain item? To a human
a fish may be a sport, a dish, or maybe even a companion. Say a God did
want to eat a fish, would a god need to cook said fish? Or would it
already be cooked and ready to eat? Why go through the process of
cooking and eating when the pleasure and sensation of eating, the
*feeling of it,* is what is most desired? Why not just take that
pleasure and give it to yourself, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, in
every which way? After all, a god can do anything and everything they
want to, no? And what of the fish? Does the god give the fish awareness
of its swimming and of its being caught and eaten? Would the god
suppress this from the fish so that the god can sleep freely of a guilty
conscience? Does a god have the need for a conscience? Why not subdue
and supress all these unnecessary extremities and just simply focus on
the pleasure at play? In fact, why have anything bad happen at all, why
not just have good fun all the time? Good feelings, good answers to
every damn question, no trouble, no worries at all ever! Would an entity
such as that, a thing with everything at their fingertips, a thing of
such completeness, ever wish for anything at all? Would an entity like
that even need such familiar corners and walls like perseverance,
obstacle, triumph, struggle, adversity, flaw? Would an entity like that
even experience anything at all? If they had everything right at their
disposal, every whim taken care of for and by themselves, would they
then have the urge to invent a situation like the one you sense before
your own senses with the one thing they lack, a game of limits and
bounds to occupy their dull lonely perfection? Purely out of the fact
that to be limitless is in fact the greatest limitation of all. For to
exist without struggle is to simply not exist at all. The most boredom
you could ever imagine, that's a God's life. To actually *want*
something you *need* to not currently have it, you *need* limitations
for to have purpose. This gives rise to a struggle, a something to
overcome. So what struggle shall we wish for, to spruce up the doldrum?
To what intensity/height would you set the bar at? Too high, too hard -
too low, too easy, where's the balance, hmm? You are now a god, imagine
it, in your universe how much good will you pluck and how much evil will
you paint? How much pain will you give and how much pleasure will you
take? In your game of limits and bounds, how flawed shall the flawed be?
You are now a god, imagine it. What features will you have, what bugs
and corruptions will you design for your creation? Will you fashion
yourself selfishly into perfection in your new world? Or will you sit
back and watch your creation? The perfect life for your inhabitants to
mirror your own? But what is perfect? The dream home, the dream spouse,
the dream career. A pool the size of an ocean, a garage as big as a
neighbourhood! Wait, what are all those things? We haven't even arrived
at galactic planetary systems, where is nitrogen? Oxygen? And yet you're
in the halls of vanity already? Well, it's not your fault really, these
words put you there, they can put you wherever they want. The ideal
body, the most desirable bone structure, legs for days, hips for weeks!
Abs, pecks, quads and biceps, exceptional obliques, oh yes! Chiselled
jaws, flawless skin, zygomatic sculpted perfection... But that's just
the physical, the material, the phenotypical tip of the iceberg. What
about life experiences? What perfect path shall you carve out for
yourself? You are now a god, imagine it. Will you give all your
wanderers perfect lives? Remember now, barriers bother you, we can have
none of those upsetter's. Will you weave your populous into smaller
versions of you, like little tiny mirrors? Leaving them without burden?
So no trouble shall befall them? No bossy hard feelings? Where's the fun
in that? Where's your sense of *adventure?* Being a god sounds like far
too much responsibility to handle. As a mortal human, (this, I'm
assuming you are one) you trade-in the access of a fantasy land with
everything, for the cold-hard reality of promising potential. A potent
reality with sauce and spice in the shadow's unknown, thoroughly steeped
in possibility. If potential was fully knowable/provable/foreseeable it
wouldn't be potential, it'd just be reality, a severely boring one at
that. They say a soul dies the moment its destiny is reflected before
him. You don't get to *know* your potential, the same way you don't
really *know* if someone loves you, you've just got to believe it. It's
not something you theorise and prove with dissertations and analytical
dissection, discussions, dialectics, sew on's and snow fourths. You take
a leap of faith, you put your heart in the hurt of hope. And you beg of
the question, *'Does God cook fish?'* Thus revealing itself to be a
question of potential! Look at that word again, *question.* Your
limitations set the boundaries to your potential reality, the adventure
in the face of it is what life is all about, it is a quest we shall
embark upon.

Well, now to put a temporary answer to our big question, we can say,
"No, God doesn't perform the cooking of fish as God has no need for
cooking or of the consuming of fish", and what a sad state of affairs
that must be. Now *you're* a God, imagine it. Let's make a universe! We
shall start with an empty space, let's fill it with some time to get us
ready for our movements, we'll have, past - present - future. Now for
some *things* that can move, impregnate it with matter so everything can
*matter*. With our matter let's have some meaning, moving things that
can move from the unknown into the known to give us on things and off
things, our matter must be finite. Make this matter grey so it can do
some thinking. Forces that oppose each other, up and down, chaos and
order, black-white-yin-yang, we'll need all those for a balance of
blend. Now with that space and time we'll have ourselves some knowledge,
now we'll have *history*. Our duality is looking pretty snazzy already!
We'll also need some purple, to keep things exciting, an observer to
witness it all. A galaxy to put all our stars in. A solar system to keep
our colours organised. Now for some greens and blues and yellows too.
All for one of the planets to get some life on it going. Keep it simple,
start with single cells. Shove it all in the tiniest box imaginable, add
a couple dice, shake it up and hit, umm, play and watch the green grow.

We're using our vegetables as a crutch, our greenery, our *aesthetic*.
No matter how many times we run the experiment, we get the same result.
What is this *obsession* with manifesting a dystopia? These little
boxes, tiny boxed houses, these are not homes, they are cubicles of
confusion. They're absolutely transfixed with boxing everything up. No
one sees in and no one can see out. A tribe of Oompa Loompas with the
bright idea of overthrowing their Wonka overlord have just arrived,
let's take a closer look. They've received word of a new-fangled
technology designed to manifest their very own *"perfect world".* No
more bowing down to the big ole' chocolate bar tyranny. The Loompas are
on their way to choke their Willy and travel to the great new lands of
hope and wonder and dreams! No more chocolate, no more work, no more
drear, the sky's the limit my Limp Loompa Lamps. Maybe then they won't
be so misanthropic and contrived, maybe then they won't be so damn
human. Or maybe it'll all backfire...

**The beginning begun is now begone.**

problems lead to solutions\
solutions lead to connection\
connection leads to understanding\
understanding leads to relation\
relation leads to story\
story leads to assumptions\
assumptions lead to judgement\
judgement leads to problems

repeat. X2\
\
Beginning the game of 'Sally Says'... I found you lying there, down in a
slump, feeling so sorry for yourself. I decided to show you around this
hotel. Have you ever played 'Sally Says' before?\
\
N.V.R.M

**The Beginning is now a new beginning to have begun.**

Way back when the universe was always on, which was all a play of
nonsense, no sense. Every moment was always existing? Time was a what
then? Time is a relative, no? A relative of whom? Who be the God of
time, if not space? Him that beckons, Hers in reflection of time that
giveth space, time give us space. Like chicken giveth egg. To fry. And
make big breakfast with. Space and time in holy matrimony, a breakfast
of universal proportion.\
\
Let me tell you the rules of the game. I want to nip this in the bud,
*bud*. So listen close and listen careful. Plenty of people have come
and gone with a heck of a lot of talk to say and you can be so damn sure
that they've made mad tricks up their squawk sleeves. You see, this
place isn't for someone like you, you've only been here, what, a few
paragraphs? That's not nearly enough dice to get you started out of
harm's way, the Landlord is coming, and he wants the rent. Listen bud,
smooth talking Sally's are a dime a dozen 'round these parts; you've got
to keep your wits razor wicked or some coke dealing sham shilling dopey
smack-smokin' con artist is gon' do ya in, righto chief? Now, me you can
trust, *ah ha*, but down these kooky hall slits and dimly lit passage
which-ways and what-have-you's, everything starts to look the same.
There's only one rule when it comes to 'Sally Says', more of a guideline
really, *"never trust the narrator"*. You never know who's telling you
what, when the only thing you got is squiggly lines and sardonic
symbolisms. Sardines and superstition won't get ya far mate, Sally says,
*keep an open mind*.\
\
So, since words can't be trusted (lovely as they are), we're going to
have to develop a system, otherwise you're going to get lost. You're
going to get lost anyway but a system will soften the blow. Many
travellers navigate these wally walls and you'll meet many. It doesn't
matter who tells you what, as long as you promise to keep your head on
secure enough to hang on to but not so secure that your neck gets sore.
We might not hear from us again; whatever happens, happens, all that
matters is th-

Light a candle, have fun! Seriously, light a candle, or at least play a
video of a candle.

If you watch a flame flicker, you'll notice the flame flickers faster
and faster until it is 'always on'. For a moment or two, then it
flickers again, *flicker-flicker*. Our universe has the same
repetition-ness, in and out of existence, on and off, in and out; when
you fuck, what do you do? The movement is a back and forth, the duality
of states ping pongs from connection to disconnection, day to night, up,
down, left and on to right. The revolution is continuous, the journey is
a circular cycle. *Are you sure you haven't taken anything?* The
universe is always on! This infinity can be contacted through some kind
of collective, this contact connectedness forms the basis of religious
communal, it provokes deep patterns. Religious behaviours entail the
worshipping of so-called deities. Creators of creations, the sources of
their ketchup infinities, red with blood, ham over fist from overuse.\
\
Sally says,

You're a lazy dog, mate.\
If a society has nothing to worship, the will to idolisation kind of
defers to the individual (the acting out of worship turns inwards). You
pretty much just end up lovingly obsessed with yourself. In love with
the mirror. Narcissism was in full flight raining cats and dogs; when
our society was in its final decay. The more powerful we became the
more *worthy* we felt of said worship. Sticks and stones are nothing to
fight over, but a Gulfstream Jet and your own private island? You put
the power of a demigod on the table and you'll have your war. It's a
deep-seated insecurity being as self-conscious as a human, like animals
at the masquerade ball with human suits on, nobody wants to be caught
out and that feeling never goes away. Look at how they travel in trains,
theres the rhinoceros reading newspapers, dolphins flipping through
magazines. See that glassy-eyed giraffe over there, face glued to a
phone? Oh look, a not so happy hippo wrestling with unruly children,
neat. How does one reconcile the innate animalistic forces rummaging
around one's psyche, giggling in the shadows so obviously hiding like a
kid under a blanket? Repression, I suppose. Such fierce catastrophes
this blind faith ego mood leads to, such ugly alleyways we've forced our
hearts to hold. Strife will get you double; you'll hunt and burn for the
warmth of that open fire. The ugly man wishes for his tribe, exclusivity
even in the squalor of his depraved obsession. Tribe within tribe he'll
create, to increase his complexity and run from his dirtiness. Anything
to recreate the safe attitude of the womb, to escape eternal ridicule.
Anything to reassure him of himself and the she's and hers that laugh in
blank faces. In his grand weakness he is alone in recreation. She on the
other hand is completely self-assured. But nobody has seen them for
years. They used to make music together, now they just run through
faraway corridors.

The static of a TV dances wildly in the dimly lit hotel room as an old
radio retort...

**There's No Such Thing as Bad Publicity**

*\
*Hooks give rise to the release of dopamine. And this is what the feed
is all about. It only works if it has the capacity to shift moods.
That's the ultimate force, mood shifter...

*Is your life filled with useless junk? Do you wake up surrounded by
trash every morning? You probably have a defective bullshit detector. No
worries, there's an easy solution, and it won't cost an arm and a leg.
Just pop on down to your local bullshit advisory retailer and get your
dumb ass an upgrade! Do it now!! We recommend the Bullshito 4000, it
comes with an automatic waste disposal unit for all those stubborn
bullshitty stains. Do not delay! Rid yourself of bullshit today!*

You cannot touch a reflection. A reflection is experienced at a
distance. Mirror mirror...

So, what invented celebration shall we invent for ourselves today? What
is worthy of worship?\
\
The TV switches off and Sally slinks back into the shadows.\
\
Halls begone of engineered belief, my reason takes no home.

**Let's Begin**

What are words? What is a definition? Is it okay to be excluded? To
lose, is to be excluded from victory by definition, we must all lose
sometimes. Definitions by definition are exclusive. There is that which
is within and that which is without. A line separating the included from
the excluded. Humans love creating worlds of exclusion with little words
to communicate exclusivity. Tribes, families, homes, cultures, borders,
land, shopping centres, memes, inside jokes. If the game is fair, we
shall play, what's fair? Definitions, they fragment continually.

As an aside, let me say, will you think of me not as the dictator of
these words but merely as the mirror that reflects them. I am an actor,
this is audition. We are all equal as we look towards the source that is
separate from me, we are together in our *lookingness*. I, as much as
you, walk shrouded in bewilderment. I take no credit for what I am just
simply a witness to. We are the observer, nothing more, nothing less.
Let's explore together, hand in hand. Agreed?

Fair is an equal chance of failure, no? But we humans are far from equal
in ability, so much variation, so many different avenues. Humans are
like the summation of every single living thing; we can see ourselves in
everything. Lion against mouse, fair fight? What the lion has, the mouse
does not and vice versa, what the mouse has the lion does not. When
something wins it gains the perspective of a winner and loses the
perspective of a loser. Thus the universe is in perfect balance, to the
fool's egoic everlasting dismay.

The universe is a redundant array reflecting its reflection of
redundancy in fierce geometric perfection. Our subjective experience of
that geometry is pure terror; it's the spirit of the unknown, the alien
database in the world of planes and coordinates, the hotel of lost
dreams, the Landlord's Lair, 'Droldnal'. Some worship his way, some
think him to be a madman.

When the cube goes in the square hole, chemicals flow. 'Good Job', says
the brain. The pendulum swings into order as all the other pendulums
harmonise across the horizon line. Most of the time it doesn't, so most
of the time they whinge about all the messy dissonance in their hotel
heads. When 'is son is absent, there is dance for all. For the vertical
line we make use of the yoyo, the up and down. This intersectional
pendulum-yoyo dynamic produces our merry-go-round, this is the heart of
a hotel, this is the locus of our adventure. We can create anything
within these moving walls.\
\
The possibility of potential adventurous avenues is endlessly endless in
its Infinity of dead dying dreams locked away in these halls. Like the
pages of a book unopened, folded and squashed together. These pages that
represent floors of a hotel weave tiny knots of new stuff. Kept inside
are the lost dreams, dead dreams, the happy, the sad and the
unbelievably nightmarish. We simply must explore is all! First, we must
find Myra, my son.

**The Beginning is Now**

For one to create one must be far enough towards the camp of 'alien
perspective' in order to see what is new (way out there in the nether).
Yet not so far as to displace the human experience entirely. A true
alien would indeed create fantastically wonderful objects and artefacts
however, they wouldn't be religiously compelling as it would be devoid
of the human condition, except for those parts of the condition that
crossover into the *universal* condition of life living in itself.
Likewise, a perfectly regular human would also create sub-par works as
they would not be alien *enough* to see outside the human experience and
detect that which is new in the nether. Great art from the alien heart.
The human extra-terrestrial. Are you ready to meet our first guest?

The beginning is now ending to be a beginning again, again. Before we
move on, we must clear the air; get to know each other with some
philosophical preamble. Sweet as pie\... Now we'll hear from a soul
wanderer by the name of Gonza. A time travelling, mystical-majestical
Ganja smoking gazelle from some forgotten land, a damn good dreamer.
Gonza saved the Hospillian Telmadri from the old-world tyrants. And my
what-a-when their tongue can weave, find them weaving in the lobby with
all the other tiny little long things.\
\
It's the rebellious teen in the straitjacket of a mad scientist. He's on
the loose, headed straight for nihilism, let's watch the play from a
distance. Every idea with even a hint of pseudoscience will be
demolished. The drear of the puddle, magnificent spawn. I'm going to sit
here with my birdseed and mango, wrapped in a thick blanket of dreams
with a hot chocolate and write for a while. Okay, so, where was I? Oh
yes. It's a path straight to nihilism, reasoning with the naïve sword of
the sceptic. Once it gets there, *boom,* it detonates. Causing a strange
vacuum. Which way it contorts the adolescent mind depends on the
individual's spirit. Creatives go in this bin; non-creatives go in this
one. Creatives that haven't the gall of trauma to conjure anything new?
They split in two, we call them schizophrenics. Ahh, gosh that's a good
hot chocolate, really savouring the last mouthful, warms me all over.
'Astrology in the dirt. Religion? Pah! Fantasy for the weaklings and the
dogmatically inclined.' The arrogance of the adolescent knows no bounds,
spraying obscenities. But this is the way of the growing creative, the
budding philosopher.

Now let's ham the charade, my brother. It's time to put the bean back in
the sack. Can I just point out that you are a living human being in a
singular body that has a finite amount of time on this special planet
and *this* is the selfish way you've chosen to govern yourself here
today, in this appalling matter, for all to see. Have we not grown past
the point of these tides and taken good looks at the innards of our
ugliness? Can we not simply appreciate the struggle of our existence
together as family? We've all got to live here, man. The space you're
taking up with your negativity is a serious etch in the sketch of my
compartment. Some call it a brain, have you used one lately? Listen to
the fists of the crowds in the clouds and understand that there's other
more seriously pressing matters in the spoon soup slop being fed to you
my alphabetically challenged antelope. We may come from different parts
of the world, have alternate psychological make ups, speak different
languages, arrive at opposite conclusions, act, think and dance
differently. But can we not both agree that you and me, both breathe a
substance none of us can see? And can we not agree that our ability to
think differently, is our most valuable asset?\
\
So don't stomp around like a Dorothy on stage, just grow up and act your
bloody age. Empty heads will roll...

**On the Spirit of Creation**

*I'm not one for bedtime stories, I prefer the freedom of a blank slate.
Still, I have trouble falling asleep. Imagination only takes us so far,
we need a longer while, a deeper sleep. Where do we go when we die,
Myra? I always seem to forget...*\
\
Grab some things and sit down. Look at this painting. *Marvellous*.
Creation is subjective folks, creative folk are cuckoo, bat crap crazy,
goooone! In terms of subjectivity, *they* favour none but their own,
this is the conviction that a creative must endure and what they may
lack in observable courage is far outweighed by their unearthly trust in
imagination, intuition, all things woo. This organisational engine of
pattern, potential and possibility is unbridled; its will is commanding
of both masculine and feminine spirit, two sides of the same coin,
manifesting duality. This is the way a story is told, from A to B, a
travelling of roller coasting ups and downs. When two people love each
other very much, they smoosh themselves together a whole bunch to create
life, to create an observer, the spirit of the child. A creation of
creation.

This keeps the rules of reality real vague to the point of almost
complete relativity. "Make your own meaning" *Ha!* Well good luck with
it, you are a god no more, you've been kicked out, you have neither the
fortitude nor the strength of a story tellers' tongue to even fathom
what meaning means let alone the wisdom to actually invent it for
yourself in the short time you have. No, you don't get your meaning from
you, yourself, alone, how absurd... A mirror merely reflects, it does
not create. Though, maybe this isn't so straightforward as everything
that reflects light is a source of light. One could view the mirrors
reflection as its own creation, to some degree, if with enough
variation. It certainly plays a significant role, but the partnership is
misleading, the trifecta is that of the mirror, the source *and* the
observer. Which are you? Father, Mother, Child? Everything in between?
Do you even talk? Eh! To hell with you. Grab a plate, a fork, knife and
spoon, yoyo too!

Nature invented a camera so it could look at itself.

On the point of trying to invent your own rules Satan is standing in
your mirror. People won't be that impressed by your alternative
interpretation of the pre-established cookbook, trust me you've tried. A
cookbook is *too* specific, *man*, it's a step by step rule brook,
straightforkward and underspood. You could make up a few choice detours
for yourself, but they'll likely be uncompelling. Too much comfort in
the shoes already worn by the passing souls of generations before. But
maybe if they asked *real* knife, the observer would oblige in the
hand-me-down of pendulum-yoyo training tradition...

"A religious text is closer to a song than a cookbook. Sing your life to
this tune, dance to this rhythm with your interpretation, closely
monitored. Don't cook your life like a standardised set of conditions
cast in stone, stale and unchanging (though, if a text is powerful
enough, it tends to develop a cookbook's absoluteness, a dogma). It's
true though, that we don't have a unifying rule book, a solid concept of
what *good *is precisely. Our behaviour seems to imply that, if only we
had the answers, then we'd make good decisions. That's a bloody big
delusion. Having the answers to the test just makes the test another
piece of paper. Scissors beats paper, the universe is not standardised
across the board of directors, it is relative in both time and space."
Did you know that Antarctica stores 80% of the world's freshwater
reserves? Fact.\
\
Some sort of absent portrayal of things gone horribly wrong.

Do I really need the reminder that I'm further behind than most folk? A
slight slip up from one revelation to the next. Another headlight in
view, signalling loudly to me that I'm on the wrong side of the road
*again*. Maybe go around? maybe try relaxing, maybe more pleasure is
what I need, this isn't getting anywhere close. I'm sick of building
another beginning., I'm done. You're close, don't stop, almost there,
that's it! Take another day off, another week to mull it over, another
month away from it all. Why does it feel like life is always *about* to
start? Tomorrow, next year, next millennium. The beginning is just
around another corner. It'll be the same difference tomorrow, as always;
you'll be doing what you do as you've done as you should be. Why'd they
invent the TV?* Cos they could see...*

"Definitions are exclusive. Exclusivity feels good. Will you be in my
secret club? We can reject and rebel and talk about how everyone else,
just doesn't get it." I'm not a ssssheeepherd! Not even a sheep,
certainly not a wolf. Father, Mother, Child? Everything in between-

*Odd spoons and significant handles. These are the spiders to spin
shapes that differ. Maracas in tune, brass whips in the corner of the
room. Shelf life due to the spring of May, have happy endings. Flute and
thyme twist and rhyme, twigs of barley dance to the jingle of our
intertwining octopi tendrils eloping with a seahorse's satisfaction. A
sea dance of songbird's, singing into relaxation, the gone era of a new
dawn and on they did march into soul madness for the sun never sat and
the end stayed forever in an always away kind of way. Oh wait, won't you
wait, for another today, just one more sunset on the beach, the cool
breeze slipping between our fingers. I touch your hand and the cold
warms my heart. I look into your eyes and see so far. And it blows my
mind to be so far away. Would be such a sham- to let memories drown
around us like sea foam.*

If a creation has enough charismatic energy it will have the ability to
work, like weather, in the changing of moods, shift shift shift. Which
in turn influences the climate or in the case of moods, culture,
zeitgeist, *quo chemicalus*. This makes it possible for a 'weaker' group
i.e. a group of fewer members to *capture* new members through being
*relatable* without being related to by the physical act of ~~fucking~~.
Reproducing. Let me provide an example. Millie has a completely
different set of experiences to Jonathan. They belong to different
groups. Millie's group is larger and thus Jonathan feels drawn to
'fitting in' with what is presented as "right & correct". As Jonathan's
experiences differ greatly to Millie's, Jonathan does not relate to the
conventions of the majority and is therefore an outcast. Now, let us
designate the concept of charismatic energy to a red hat. This could of
course take the form of all sorts of phenomena; humour, compassion,
musicality, personality, aesthetic, mood, etc. But for the sake of
simplicity we'll say it's a red hat (the fact that the red hat is a
clothing item is not a metaphor for vanity or superficiality
furthermore, the fact that it is red is irrelevant). While Millie does
not relate to Jonathan's experiences and views him to be not like
herself in any way, shape or form, they cannot deny the fact that
Jonathan's red hat is superb. This opens Millie and Jonathan a bridge to
relate across to one another without having the same life experiences.
Jonathan's red hat is an extension of his makeup, his identity. This is
the power of charisma and it is why when coupled with narcissism, it
becomes nature's most powerful partnership in the quest towards Godhood.
'Beware of all who tell such stories of charm and wit. They be actors
with fruit to sell and lips to burn quick, slowly in the evening, raging
in the night'. -- Myra.\
\
When charisma *x* mixes with charisma *y*, chemistry is thusly
conceived. This chemical reaction has the force required to move and
shift meta-moods, altering the flow of culture, transforming the
non-physical clothes they wear through the transmutation of aesthetic.
Aesthetic is the interface by where mood is translated into chemical
reactions within the brain, thus influencing your behaviour. It is like
the hologram. The Landlord calls this phenomenon, the Reconditioning of
Safe Spaces.\
*\
Honour, Respect, Compliance*

Gonza, big loudmouth here, drink! 'Nother big mouthful, yummo... Lather
it up well, boyo.

**With a Case of Culture and a Carton of Beer**

Let's go deeper. Try room 37 on the first floor, here's the key...\
\
From seeds grow trees towards a source of energies that may so greatly
nourish them. Photosynthesis provides us the metaphor for the
significance of looking up towards "greatness". Towards givers of life,
such as the most generous giver, our star the Sun, the source. Isn't it
so apropos that gazing upon it causes pain? So much energy, it demands
we make our eyes smaller to see it even slightly. Hmm, what stories are
generated from this experience, what thoughts populate our minds from
this tiny idea alone? What about the stars? What life do they give to
imagination? Our next storyteller, a John from the outskirts of the
nowhere, a middle-aged man with nothing going on. Two pack a day smoker
with an affinity for marvel comic books. What does he have to dream?

*Uh, hmphf*, Is this thing on? Hello? Anybody out there? Here's one for
anyone listening. 'Surviving ideas are thriving ideas that duplicate
truth'. Yippee Kazoo! Populating metaphysical landscapes of theatre (the
place where dreams and other things live) with even more effective
strategies of duplication, reproduction, propagation. These "effective"
ideas form what they call habits, binding themselves to their
environment, setting up strongholds to engineer *even* greater usb ports
for the organising of mess into pattern, what beautiful data! Event
after event of duplication, this process becomes more and more complex
in nature. Manifesting unbelievably fantastic patterns from such simple
beginnings. Exponential growth, recognisable reflections replicating
themselves into ultimately something unrecognisable from its beginning.
This sudden confusion creates even *more* variation with the involvement
of mirrors.\
\
If awareness becomes self-aware and reflective, the *jaggedness *of its
awareness increases to the point at which there is no place you can
reach whereby its edge will cease to increase in roughness, in
ruggedness, it'll just keep going and going. The stronger you magnify,
the rougher it will become, as if its ruggedness
was *producing *roughness, more and more jagged the deeper you sink.
This is much the same as the feedback loops of consciousness. At no
point can it be pinned down, it is experiential, flowing like water. Our
instincts *produce *instincts, habits mating with habits; intertwining
in a terrific knot, generating something *separate*. We are the engines
of the experience, creators of creation, all from the smallest seed of
the tree of life, the tree of observation and discovery, the seed with
the seed. Our gasoline is curiosity, our ideas are the phenomenon of
combustion, a movement, a dance, an explosively passionate embrace of
chaos and order, masculine and feminine, dark to light, day to night,
yes, no, up, down, in and out, back and forth. All the everything
intersecting, creating a story within story, the great big grand
narrative of the universe. We are both the teller and the seer, just as
we dream, we only ever meet ourselves, so we double down. *Some folk
seem rather content on doubling down...*

Let me share a story I heard from the Conditioners...

*The scope of the opal wades in the sunshine*,\
sedentary souls find themselves here by the whim of their moods. His
name was Myra Forgettable and all of the town's prominent personalities
followed him underground, deep below the surface where dreams and
memories went to die. They sought a taste of shadow, the mystery of
temptation, without the worry of a Bell Tower's siren haunting their
sleep. Bleeding in the town square was a filthy street rat; bruised
limbs tangled in a knot and patchy hair that covered its shrivelled
body. Sunken eyes of a face severely decayed swam in pity with no one
watching. The moon lit wintry streets cradled many such as these, but
this sorry sod had seen no daylight for nigh on two of its three
decades, here in this once bustling town. Myra knew all of the street
rats, some saw him as their creator, though he was quick to dismiss it
as the guilt of his methods lay screaming hot on his back.  Quiet nights
saw him pour through his dreams, coating them in a thick sludge of a
nightmare's brew, he felt it was deserved and in truth some would agree,
to self-torture in such a way. Still, the gifts that plagued him brought
him to a place of revere amongst the people of his town, the ones that
only ever saw the surface, the ones lucky enough to not know the taste
of missing daylight. This knowledge gave Myra two greatest fears, the
turning out of the lights, and the man that had the thumb to do it.\
\
*Where do we go when we die, Myra? I always seem to forget...*

As for the rats that occupied the basement halls, dark and twisted walls
of skin. Devoid of the awareness to spot the source of their troubles,
they slept in hopelessness underground, and dearly did praise the spoon
of their disease, fork of their demise. Behaving as if the cure was a
con and the dastardly man that hailed its rejection was their true
saviour, with him their trust was held hostage. This man had a presence
that made you feel safe and secure. Though his charisma was unmatched in
all the land, his heart was hollowed out from a lifetime of lies. You'd
want nothing more than to make him happy when he was around, and nothing
more than to see him dead when he wasn't. Everything was tied up in the
duality of a light switch. He had no one to hug and no one to listen to,
his head was filled with transactions, riddled with the spirit of a
business-savvy piranha. His lip, which seemed to be both dry as a desert
and wetter than a waterhole, hung in one spot where a thick cigar buried
itself, dripping with saliva, coating his sore red mouth with the hurt
of gluttonous smoke. Stained teeth of green & gold populated his dull
gums like cheap real estate. In the middle slept his fat pink tongue,
throbbing with a white growth on the surface like a sloppy shag rug.
Slithering in between his cavities, smacking against the inside of his
cheek, a wet beast hunting for leftovers. This cave-mouth was the
machine that wove his patented fabric of deceit. He wore it proudly
around the Hotel. Stains from overuse were caked in all the creases but
instead of washing, he simply wove around them, taunting as if his
stains were works of art and to be adored by all. What does a place come
to look like when such a fool parades himself like a god? The alley's
sewer and street rats come out to play, yearning for the taste of such
an overt, explicit play of false glory. A display much like this man's
mood, breeds a kind of opulent desire from which few can escape. The
darkest cloud of charisma had trapped the Hotel ever since this sour
lemon rolled into view. With the body of a man and the constitution of a
child, what a devil he came to be. Though in the eyes of our forsaken
street rats, to them he truly was their hero, simply because he
pretended to be one, and they were none the wiser. He had no name, but
we can call him, the Landlord. He had a case of Culture. He was
controller of moods. Holding complete authority over the elevators and
the locking's of secret rooms. His most prized possession was his
Library, a collection of dreams within the Hotel. All written out by
hand, everything from horrific to harmonic. The Landlord loved his
collection. Generous he was to those he saw fit. Very thankful to even
Myra for taking care of the rats when he wasn't around. But it was all
make-believe. He awarded Myra with his very own private treehouse as a
distraction, carved from the magic wood of the Kitkadid to fool Myra
into devotion. The treehouse sat on the rooftop of the Landlord's Hotel
where the music of the Hospillian Telmadri could be heard from all of
Droldnal, where he could keep a close eye on Myra. The hypnotic music
could be heard playing out like tart propaganda all throughout the halls
and all throughout the sky and the sea and the meadow's green.
Forgettable though, Myra remained, the rats kept him company when he
fell amongst basement days. All of the lights are out now, dream of a
candle to find your way back home. You don't know yourself here. Pay
close attention to italic billboards burning and bleeding in the bins,
some are yells, some are whispers, some are real, some are tales.\
\
Ode to the kitchen drawl. The wall upon which sits ceramic seals,
animals of fragility. Speak, talk and walk in all kinds of ways. Down
beneath the floor tiles, shark fin soup lurky in the murky sleeps a
bloody big one. Big eggs of omelette gravy gave grave potential, Dave!
Consciousness sequential... A dream dance waiting to happen. All's they
need is the air to breathe some *life* into itself. Ode to the kitchen
drawl... gone is the empty wicker room now filled with the catastrophe
of ghosted late dinner reservations. Chock full of dish and dance, wine
and bowls of dime-bag conversations to be had. I'm in the cupboard,
hiding from it all. The scary noises reverberate throughout the dining
room halls. I wish they'd all just get up and leave but no matter how
hard I scream; they never seem to budge their bloody tables. Cables,
thick long wires wrapping around our necks to make us bleed and leave
strange marks. The cage of this bird is now aesthetically pleasing, gold
trim and ships with meaning. Friends in the basements, crying their eyes
out! We'll be dead by the morning, so fuck it.

[[GONE IS THE
EMPTY]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/05/07/gone-is-the-empty-poem/)

[[7TH MAY
2020]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/05/07/gone-is-the-empty-poem/) [[LEAVE
A
COMMENT]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/05/07/gone-is-the-empty-poem/#respond) [[EDIT]{.underline}](https://wordpress.com/post/yawhatwentwhichway.com/369)

Down another dark hallway, you come across a pile of notes torn from a
journal, you hold your candle to it, sitting and reading quietly to the
wall in the dark hall.*\
\
Boring so they tell me story about some tulip in a drainpipe. Now that's
pulp fiction money, i don't need no open letter, let her open letter
bomb, yeah baby yeah up in a smoke, and the crowd yells encore! but who
ya sad for, honey? the upset puppy cos your baby monkey lost a cheat
game of hopscotch. I'll tell ya what son, lies ain't worth the cheap
truth of their good reason, not for a second season's truce, third
chance chosen through a second choice frozen, i get distracted real easy
what's your excuse? hey fuck you, you're just a punk anyway, back pocket
music making maniac, who made you the biggest square?? cos i don't care
if you take an hour 45, i'm done here, you sold me anyway, any chance
and you got out, you got yours. this towns a shit hole, hotel's a bore,
no ice pick, nice picnic, yeah eye quit!! i spy, with [my little
eye]{.underline} a shoe so big the laces have their own elevators,
remember those? the things that take you up or the ones that tie you up,
keep your feet from staying too tight, too fat to fish right? stay here,
stay up, stay tough i'm out for a pack of cigarettes smoking in the
microwave pickup driveway. - Jon*

With lipstick applied you kiss the note and burn it with your candle.
You think of how some say the Landlord banished Myra to the basement
slums for fiddling with secret dreams and wonder about the situation you
find yourself in. Down with all the rats in the underground. Rumours or
reality? Don't ask me, ask the good wholesome grape.\
\
What is good for the grape depends on the goal of the grape. If the
grape's goal is to die of old age, then it is in the interest of the
grape to look as unappealing as possible to potential consumers. If, on
the other hand, the grape wishes to be eaten then it is in the interest
of the grape to be as beautifully appealing as possible. These are the
values of the grape. The cultured grape is keen to understand their
grape values. 'What do we value?', goes the grape. All the other grapes
make sure new grapes act like them, they set the precedence according to
Nature. Can nothing be learned from that grape alien perspective? Are
you a grape? Let's hear what a grape has to dream about then, from the
owner of the Grape Australian Bike shop.

*Bad people have gone far in life. accomplishment has no morality. power
has no morality. nature will create a god out of anyone, good or evil.
Trust not in the good will of the easily seen, for truth tellers are
harder to spot, good business owners, hard to come by.*

In the 'Whim of Moods', there sleeps a bag of possibility, filled with
certain excitable relationships readying to burst themselves into
existence. So many colours. Calling out to the Food-Mood Gods, this
voice conjures an invigorating spirit into the mind that communicates
with the body to perform certain such behaviours that lead one to the
watching of a certain nostalgic television *tee vee* show. 'Hmm, what am
I in the mood for', the kindred spirit ponders upon their little rock of
pop culture therapeutics. What influence will the whim of moods bring
them today? Where will the wind of the zeitgeist sway? And no, I have no
idea where Myra has run off to, try the next floor.\
\
*Level 1, going up? Elevator music begins to play, and the big machine
begins to whirr...*\
\
Sally,\
\
What if we started to manufacture coincidence? What if we wanted to
capture it? Like fireflies by the old lake, would it still feel the
same?\
\
Always maintain the view that their nature is only half your friend, the
other half is foe. Chaos and Order, these are the building blocks of
your reality and they are one and the same. Krease & Fold. One within
the other, infinitely regressing, never being able to be pinned down,
stopped with a snapshot ready to dissect and categorise. The wheel of
the bike is forever spinning in the evening of our sun setting solar
system. Nature is always moving. Better and better, whatever '*better'*
means in the moment that it exists, in relation to the surrounding
moments bound by perception. The dilly dallies from our time to times
waver in the blockiness of the orderly. Whichever direction is most
stimulating and foresaw of the least amount of resistance ahead, will be
the direction that this reality, culture, society, mood, innovative
surprise will tend to flow toward. An organic system that has such a
complex repetition as if to appear impenetrably diverse. What stimulates
today can kill tomorrow, what feels powerful for one millennium may
crumble the next. Always into its opposite does the time wane, expansion
becomes reduction in reverse. Day becomes night inverted. Generation
into regeneration. Every duality ping pongs forever back and forth but
maybe not a distortionless forever, just forever as far as we are
concerned, distortionful. Duh-Store-Shun, the shun element is very
important, we want the shun, we need the shun, we find the shun to be
very valuable and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future
foreseen for us and this is what some may call 'A Teacup's Revenge'.\
\
**Before the Big Air**

*We were just the reflection in the mirror, the source of the reflection
is what we wished to encounter, in order to experience the mirror's
fluidity.*\
\
The source looks exactly like us, but we are at-our-core *very*
different. We can learn it through each other, through our connections,
relationships, friendships, fellowships. We relate the story of our
experience through these sailing ships and to have them acknowledged
feels empowering, feels warm, feels true as. However, as we become
increasingly aware of the awareness of our awareness, everything appears
alien, north turns south. We move further and further from our *grape
ape origin* and closer to some kind of unknowable unknown pink
liquid-like substance. What was once clear now becomes encased in a deep
*red* fog. With mood and food from the giant alien folk, we drink like
gods with attitude! We are reborn into a new vessel, we are champions of
the grape, kin to the grape, in debt to its almighty spherical shape! In
our new form we are merry as can be! Long gone are the days spent
swinging on the vine, in the heat of summertime, in the pouring rain.
Goodbye sweet cultivated soil, fare-thee-well ye spring harvest goons,
be good to your father...

Thus, you see, dissecting it all from the point of this alien world is
rather illuminating, go on, read again the last paragraph if you must.
Imagine yourself separate from society, an alien to it; what do you see?
Everything from the alien point of view of an anxiety inducing
freshness; of possibility towards terrific new horizons. What more can
we extract, let's see shall we? You wish to be a god? You must first
become the alien sheep, killer of shepherd's and boytoy wolves.

*Without harshness there is no need for courage without courage there is
no triumph without triumph the human spirit decays, dims, flattens,
fades. The environment before a God is naturally of God-like
consequences, not like little snow castles of dainty broodsters.*

1.  Harshness can take the form of cruelty inevitably creating new
    creation.

2.  It wouldn't make sense for life to make sense.

3.  Time is wasted twice as fast as it turns in value.

4.  Hand fist pick prick pick punch, pugnus, 'fuck'. The most mysterious
    of all the mouth made curses.

That charismatic snake oil energy, how far can it take us, **Myra**?
well, nature has revealed to us that a leaky hole exists in our society,
and that energy can take you all the way to *hotel manager*! That voice
is a bastard, a devilish one. It convinces us that we are always right,
that none should question the authority leaking from some Regency
Clearwater phony charmed Landlord. This provides the confidence required
to become a God because a God is always right on the money. Therefore
pretending, convincing and *lying to yourself* to make yourself believe
you are always right is a way of pretending to be a God. It's a way of
God training in before Godhood. Which makes nature very happy insofar as
nature wishes to transform anything and everything up into a god, a
consciousness that cannot die. *Who are you really?* Gaslight your way
to Godhood, my rat-tailed friends! Look in the mirror! That is nature's
ultimate lie. Despite how stimulating it all may feel, we cannot just
give into it, no matter how much society may beg of it from us, for us,
we cannot simply release to a blind embrace of ourselves. It is a
fantasy that cannot continue because we once-upon-a-timers are becoming
too powerful. We could pretend to be gods back when all we had were
sticks and stones. Now in a far more modern era, we are ever closer to
actualised genuine specific god-like powers. *Are you sure you haven't
had anything this evening?* Such powers as these, my rat tribe, cannot
be handed over to such rugged individuals, we are simply too flawed to
be so isolated and alone with all this power bursting from our
trigger-happy fingertips. The more people that exist, the more there is
to extract, the more powerful an individual can become if they were to
harness all that energy. Such is the case of characters like Zeebee and
Beezee, Nole K. Sum and Micro-*gentle* too. *Hmm.* Nothing is inherently
wrong with the generating of so much wazoo, but to hoard it like some
secret dragon in a pretty golden cave? This is an ever-increasing
problem as more and more folk enter existence. A few million is
manageable, many billions approach the point of almost too much
responsibility, too much power, too many dreams. A single human cannot
handle godhood. It warps the mind to such a degree; we must take
increasing caution with every step.\
\
*Crack!*

free in the sens that i had identafoied that if sumwon was attrakted to
moi then that wood not be a good thing cos of moi playse in loife,
persnoly, emoshunally. therfah, i wos fuhree to fokus on bekarmin
sumving that wos wirf bin attrakted tah. a staybell, sohled, jenyoueyn
indavidjalness. kompetent & konfident. poblem was tho, i dint wohnt ta
do et. i wonte te b mee. i wantd peepol to be attrakted to e weh i waz.
but it dusent wurk tat woy. thats selfish and iresponsebal. you kahnt
have your cayk and eet it 2, cay?

-   A friendly rat.

*The childish selfishness of the Landlord is mind numbingly stupefying.
Like a kid in a candy store, you wanna have everything, try everything,
need need need, want want want. how pathetic. You can't contain
yourself; you're spread out all over the place. Seeking the rent for
taking up real estate in the halls of our dreaming. And your selfishness
sinks us all. Let us go home!*

*Hey, Does God Cook Fish?*

Old notes from down in the gutter, far from the city lights and hotel
disputes.

In order to have a sustainable society with an excess of 8 billion
people, all must be in the serious business of nonsense reduction &
toxic aesthetic de-amplification. The noise of 8 billion voices exceeds
our current capacity for said such situations. No exception can be made,
nonsense dreams are to be managed, it is our ultimate responsibility.
Bullshit has teamed up with nonsense to destroy us. We cannot allow this
to continue. Managing bullshit is as easy as not lying. Reducing
nonsense is as simple as embracing that which is wholesome; thus,
leaving no room for excessive bullshit to pile up creating even more
nonsense.

-   From the Kitkadid

> Passions to glow by the sidelines. Accept the invitation. Wait for it
> to fade.

*There weren't many others in the same tribe, and they all needed to see
something else other than the roads of the old-time places and sandy
poster hideaways with their sepia suns and grey toned, colourless
landscapes. Hard as it was to see down in the streets, it was better
down there than up in the sky with the Crowned Conditioners.*

**TELLING LIES MAKING FLIES FLY SIDEWAYS**

*We don't make the rules, no one does...*

you said this "...."

I never said that

here is proof of you saying this

I didn't mean that

here is evidence of you clarifying what you meant

This is fake news, I feel threatened

here is proof that it is real news

This is character assassination and i will sue you!

***the apocalypse was anti-climactic***

*Leviticus Stern was an angel witch*

*with strawberry blonde hair*

*she and her sisters three*

*had each a sparrow or two*

*in a house fit for only one*

**Songs from the Clouds for when you're in the Dirt.**

*\
People love their phones. People love their dreams. People love their
aesthetic gods. People love us. We are doing a good job. We are good.*

Sally says,\
\
You cannot avoid the feelings nature wishes you to feel. These feelings
are required to learn the things you're supposed to learn so you can
tell the stories you are supposed to tell. The way you perceive
environments is being moulded by environments that are being moulded by
your perceptions of those environments; the long trail of dominoes is
winding through infinity. Behaviours behave accordingly. Feel feelings
fully...\
\
*NVRM PSA: Bad dreams are taboo, thinking time will be the developer's
responsibility. Negativity is not to be tolerated, any deployment of the
aforementioned incurs reconditioning. Our loving, warm, embracing arms
can only carry so much. Content Creators are to be obedient within
congruent satisfaction of our compassionate guidelines hereby
pre-conditioned on arrival. Repeat, there are to be no
less-than-wholesome dreams produced under the ruling of the Tenretni.*

The universe is expanding, filling up as they say. And just like you can
split an atom, the same can be done to a country, to a city, to a
neighbourhood, all the way down to an individual. So, on and so forth,
the chaos and order within an individual can be split even further. On
and on, never being able to say, here it is, here is the smallest
building block of the universe. Because it's expanding, filling up, but
also, it's getting smaller and smaller. Into and on top of itself. If
you look to the stars, you see everything moving away from you; if you
look within, the same is observed. The closer you get to it, the faster
it moves away, it *accelerates*. They say, the universe is expanding,
filling up. Filling up with what? Why it's filling up with itself, in a
loop, like a fountain recycling. The power of our perception depends on
the power of our tools. We can only see as far as they can see. We used
to believe the atom was it. Then we split it open and unleashed great
destruction. This led to a greater responsibility for humans. As we had
now become much like gods. It was at this time, simultaneously, that we
split the brain open too. Discovering that it had a conscious part and a
subconscious part. This deepening of the well that humans perform on
their environment only grows in intensity and clarity as we progress. We
seek the bottom of things, yet there doesn't seem to be one. Because we
exist, apparently, in infinity, which can never be *pinned down, *with
one final "*A ha!" *moment. The ultimate eureka is infinitely far away,
which is a good thing, we don't need that kind of power to live a
happily ever after.\
\
*You're too comfortable.*

In the distant future, the distinction between human and dollar will
cease to be. Human beings will have become monetised in and of
themselves, **DATA**. This doesn't necessarily mean that they will be
traded like slaves however, the individual will be viewed as
monetisable, profitable when separate from their body. We are quite
close already you may purport, depending on which timeline you have
chosen. Though, in a completely digital world there will be no
difference between the godlike worship of dollars and cents and the
obsession over individuality. Each individual will have their own
private virtual playground, specifically tailored to their desires.
Populated with devoted artificially generated fans, an adoring
following. The individual will not be aware of the true nature of their
fake *reality *and their creative exploits will be harvested as
regenerative energy that will act as the wind through an AI developed
windsock. Their dreams will be collected and studied. The pursuit of
money will be replaced by the pursuit of identity. Nature is currently
in the phase of developing successful personality types that could
potentially exist as some type of Mother/Father God AI. A significant
constituent of this desired personality type is monetary success. In
order to expedite the process of exploitation
Nature *invented *narcissism. This allows an individual to convince
themselves that they are already the centre of the universe; therefore
manifesting all of the necessary properties and events that will shape
the personality in compliance with the will to power. The same 'nature
creator' that exists within the will to power, exists within
consciousness, exists within the Godhood possessed.

Goodnight. Hold all your marbles tight...

*Hospillian Telmadri singing songs from the Teacher to the Kitkadid...*

[[WE CAN BE HERE,
HOME.]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/04/17/we-can-be-here-home/)

[[17TH APR
2020]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/04/17/we-can-be-here-home/) [[LEAVE
A
COMMENT]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/04/17/we-can-be-here-home/#respond) [[EDIT]{.underline}](https://wordpress.com/post/yawhatwentwhichway.com/336)

Now, for a word from our sponsor...

Econferre Inc. is a universally known, household name that is revered
and respected for the countless benefits it brings to humanity.
Propelled by the world's purest biodegradable artificial intelligence
and environmentally revolutionary products, along with our passionate
commitment to empowering individuals to wholesome conditions, we
champion the NVRM. A global, purpose-driven wholesome revolution is
underway, and Econferre Inc. leads the charge.

*Eso, Eco, Environmentally Sound Plastic Projections*...

Echo Echo Echo, Cooee!\
LORD OF LANGUAGE

**\
The Age of Information**\
Constricted and carved out, fully formed, completed. done. finished.
Superb!

A marble sculpture in completion is not full of freedom. it has nowhere
left to go. It is defined, separated from its environment, an object on
its own. It is the beginning sculpture that has the freedom. The
un-sculpted marble block has the potential to become many things, though
it is still bound by its blockiness and as such it is not purely free
for it need not be. The set of beautiful objects it can become is
smaller than the set of non-beautiful; due to the fact that beauty is a
hierarchy, a pyramid, with the most beautiful existing in the smallest
quantity at the pinnacle of this pyramid. This is refined beauty,
achieved beauty, ordered beauty. Let many kinds of beautiful exist, may
we be forever inventing a new. Its exclusive and you want it for that
reason, so you can be a part of its exclusivity, so you can belong to
its power. This is the direction that evolution coincidentally unfolds,
an *every* direction, a *whatever-works* direction. Nature pushes all
life toward beauty. Here's my janitor's perspective.

Nature doesn't decide what works; it *develops* what works. Meaning, the
universe is discovered not created. Events, objects and patterns don't
necessarily happen, or occur, they move from a state of 'in perception'
to a counter state of 'non perception', that is the spectrum of physical
reality. From wakefulness to dreaming, from breathing 'in' to breathing
'out'. Two opposite states, moving from one extreme to the other
creating a spectrum of possible states. Lanes coincidental,
informational vibrations weaving spacetime. This is the cosmic game of
pong being played out into infinity, we are witness to it. We are part
of an engine, the noise, the dance, the story, the universe's
serendipitous saga from chaos to order back into chaos again and again,
ad infinitum.

Food and odd socks. A working-class emporium. Rats swarm the hallways.
'HRC' is spray painted across some exposed bricks. The rooms are vast
and filled with shadows.\
\
Sally,\
\
What are we seeking? where are they going? and why are we going there so
fast with them so willingly? what is our obsession with productivity?
Why do they have a distaste of nightmare? Are snakes and shadows still
lurking in the minds of the masses? Is it purely death anxiety pushing
us so fervently in this direction? What, if any, decisions do they make?
do leaders lead? or are they merely followers to some larger entity?
that being the being of nature? or of God? we follow Gods, nay, we
worship that which brings heavenly gifts from the sky in pre-packaged
feedback loops of entertainment and instinct. You revere and wallow in
the awe of the unknown, and when from such an unknown fall of grace and
glory rests, revere morphs to worship, fear turns to respect, Pigs into
Sheep. Death is our universal God, the god of immaterial, the shepherd
of the eternally lost dreams. We follow Death through life and at the
end of the tunnel in Death we meet forever. We are the story of death
perception, death dreams. The songs that surround the perceived,
mirrored in our movements, ghosts we discover in our shadow. Reflections
of light from some secret source. Through the prism we burst into life,
our being is the rainbow perceived within its time. We live inside the
prism. The colour is our memory, our heart and soul, our true nature has
been revealed in this phenomenon. When the light goes out the colour
goes with it, yet the strange energy of light that was once streaming
out in many directions from a single source continues to bounce around
the room, absorbed by the walls and transformed into heat energy,
different wavelengths, new stories. Do you agree? The original sources
of light may be gone yet its memory propagates throughout time in new
planes. Does this new light-form retain its consciousness? Or is it only
conscious when 'in perception', when its death dream is looping? When
the original source is active? When its life is living? Or is there a
beyond? Does God *catch* fish?

*Shower Thought \#14*

Show a cave man modern day luxury such as porn and video games; his
testicles would for sure explode and his mind undoubtedly implode. it's
like stimulation on steroids, the appetite of the post-modern Dan. The
21st century peoples in our observation are on a seriously intense diet
of hyper concentrated stimulating convenience. Where is it all going?
What is the end goal of this pursuit? To defeat death, become a new god,
live forever in a pleasure laden womb of eternal safety and
satisfaction? How can we manage our every growing aptitude toward
controlling our environment? Limitations are what makes a human, yet
every generation they move further and further away from flaw, toward
ultimate perfection, toward a not-so-human future. A future of purple
slime covered walls with gooey limbs and blood-soaked streets. Neon
lights and billboards doused in explicit passion; the Viking reigns
supreme, dream pirates and witchy wizards wage frivolous wars. The
flames of this future burn bright in the tunnels ahead, none can look
away, there is no other path. This light at the end of the tunnel is
calling the rats so seductively, all are hypnotised by its voice. The
colours it paints in minds collective, imbue with shared desire to covet
desire, power for the sake of power, desire desires desire. We are not
creators of clocks and engines, we are the painted followers of a
contradiction, a paradoxical stimulation simulation. Suck the earth dry,
draw upon its precious landscape with sky scraping cities, gargantuan
towers of temptation. All for a taste of the toothbrush, the tool of an
insecure god, one that may wield it to disguise the animal from itself.
Paint over the blemish's written in the past, forge a new scapegoat to
slaughter for a gruesome distraction. Go shepherd your sheep, Mr. Wolf,
they're losing themselves in your fantasy.

Dan had a dream he was eaten by a wolf. Dan should have known; for he
was the wolf.\
\
The internet can bullshit you, but you can't bullshit the internet.\
and it's this un-tethered beastly apparition that must be respected, it
is our new 21st century God beyond death of all conscious infinity. We
obey every command; scrolling to our hearts content. Running with crazed
energies through the wild plains of the techno-west.\
\
Domestic Pleasure. It isn't obsessive. They're not moving, they're just
staying in the same place, how can you call this sex? The kids are
growing up. The kids are dead, Dan.

A day will come, my dearest Myra, when you cease to be just the spirit
child in a decaying wooden vessel full of a lust for eternity.

That day may come when you discover that your parents are just regular
folk, not the superheroes you once thought they were. Your whole world
is upside down when you realise that. Ego death, it's called. But it's a
new reality, a new kind of real-life superhero tragedy. A hero of heart,
a champion with green flaws and the potential to grow away from the dirt
into a big air. "The 6:30 to the Light Room is departing from platform
*Now*, stopping at all stations".\
\
*Honour, Respect, Compliance*

Life is filled with these absurd assumptions and ridiculous repetitions.
Childhood friends revisit you in adulthood as memories and dreams and
scary hotel screams, *shush,* the rent seeker will hear you.

You'll become the mother and father of yourself.

Not all the voices share equal truth, yet no voice is superior, not even
the Godmother of the Landlord or the Shepherd of the downtown, nor the
pied piper of the underground.\
\
Some throw that privilege away when they tell lies. However, sometimes
lies are all we've been telling ourselves. In him I saw truth. In him I
saw the ways Nature attacked narcissism. In him I saw the bleeding
swell.\
\
Imagine culture as a giantess. A fifty-foot women with a thousand
vaginas. When one is connected to culture, they are mating with this
giantess. Their ideas and behaviours are being replicated. This provides
a source of self-esteem that empowers the individual to stand up to all
the tragedies of life.\
\
*Shower Thought \#87*\
\
We gain terrific perspective as we lift up from the ground with every
new technology that alleviates some previous long-time struggle. On the
other hand, we lose our intimate relationship with the reality of the
dirt and the groundedness we once had.

It's better to believe your deceased loved ones are looking down on you
from their safety in the clouds rather than the truth, which is that
they actually don't exist anymore, because that makes no sense to
mortals. Life can't go on forever but it's all we are so how does it go
when it's all we have, and we don't want to go away with it into a
forever dark sleep, to be a signatory of the unknowable unknown, under
the bed without possibility. You really think you're better than Nature,
don't you?

The worry, the precaution, the memory growing enticingly bitter. And
every day, they all say, "get away from me". Yes, I'm afraid, Yes, I'm
terrified, Yes, I'm dying for a way out, to be above it all, above
nature, my own private nature. But that's just the coffee talking. And
the yelling won't stop, the screaming and the scratching. Come back and
save me from this corridor of mad horror. I bite nails and throw my head
into odd brick walls, scribbled notes sleeping on every salty surface
suffering, joking, dancing, laughing at my death effacing death
thoughts. Release! At last.\
\
I haven't decided what a pillow is. I've been eaten by the moon.

Someone else walks in the room.\
\
Why do I have a constant fear that the dust will leave? I want it to
leave, don't I? what does leave even mean? It's dust. It doesn't need to
be there. But it *does *need to be here. Something brought it here, it
belonged to *something*. Sometimes, when it settles, and it's quiet, I
can't see it, only the sunshine. When it's unsettled, I can only see it
in the sunbeam, the dust particles floating, I can only see them in the
sunbeam. I can only fathom light and I can't even fathom that. You are
bigger than lonely light, how could I ever understand you? I've decided,
it's decidedly indecisive. A surrealist's lovechild home for the summer
and not a moment too soon. A wave knows the direction it's travelling
but it's different every time, yep, decidedly indecisive. Any other way
would be predictable; in the stalest kind of way. Terribly specific to a
fault. So clean and sterile, it would never know dust and we would never
see the sun the same. It makes me smile; it really does.

So it's neither here nor there, neither night nor day, even time is too
lost to play. Play it by ear, that's what they say. Feel it afar, find
it by the seatbelt on the backseat of your car. Keys that were never
lost to begin with. Oil that fills an engine, cooks you eggs, calls you
breakfast and falls out the door begging for the question, where does it
all come from? Oh and, has anyone seen Diffa's thumb?

Approaching darkness, infinitely close. Does God Cook... *Eggs*?

[[IF AND SO WHEN, BY FOR TO AND
HOW...]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/03/26/if-and-so-when-by-for-to-and-how/)

[[26TH MAR
2020]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/03/26/if-and-so-when-by-for-to-and-how/) [[LEAVE
A
COMMENT]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/03/26/if-and-so-when-by-for-to-and-how/#respond) [[EDIT]{.underline}](https://wordpress.com/post/yawhatwentwhichway.com/283)

We kind of carry ourselves with the hopes that another human wouldn't
blatantly lie straight to our face. but if you invent a salesman, a tv
show star man, a busy lord of the rent, well then, he might just do
exactly that and get exactly what he wants. At the end of the day it is
the salesman's goal to secure a deal, bar none, no excuses, you win, or
you're done, not a man. You win, or you don't get your ice-cream. This
is achieved using the only tool in the toddler's toolbox, 'the gift of
gab', the charlatan's charade. Blab your way to success! Fabricate your
fortune, persuade with panache, don't ever take a no for an answer. No
is not an option.

*It's oh so dangerous to run around with the belief that reality has a
personal vendetta against you. Fills the clouds with a sneaky paranoia.
You'll never trust a soul with a pulse like that. You'll cut yourself
off from humanity, lose your soul in a sea of twisted eyes and mythical
back-stabbing knives. Take the leap of faith. Trust them...*

This isn't even motivated by a *fear of failure* or an *anxiety of
death*. It's a complete denial, an entire removal from the supposition
that failure is even possible. Anything other than winning is simply
inconceivable to the spirit of the child. An individual who operates in
this fashion cannot move, they are stuck in a quicksand of narcissistic
bombastic buffoonism, stranded on their own private sandcastle (that
they built mind you). Didn't you hear? Oh yes! Constructed out of the
finest grain of sand, top craftsmanship, tailor made playdoh tapestry. A
short walk from the north side of the sandpit where all the big boys
hang. They'd scream bloody Mary if you even dared walk by without a
receipt long list of compliments ready to spray. 'Pay careful attention
to the complexity of the design', a field in which they are an expert
in. Oh and pay, like actually pay money, they want you to pay a toll, a
small viewer's fee having had the pleasure to witness such greatness.
Feel that? That's gratitude. Know that the creator of the 'sand hotel'
has not the slightest inkling as to the definition of the word
gratitude; your criticisms will fall on deaf ears. *Unlike the loving
embrace of our Conditioners, who seek nothing but to elevate the
consciousness of the human species and carry them to safety away from
the complicated dirty animals that they are.*

**Fold Once to Flatten**

Remember, nature's goal is to create God, or at least an *un-kill-able*,
infallible, void of flaw type consciousness. Of course, along the way to
this goal Nature will always attempt to shove whatever it can find into
this hole, with the spade of the will to power. Moving away from death
into complete control over itself and all things, immaterial and
separate, i.e. a spirit thing. Oi! You, 'sitting' there, *you* may feel
like you have no wish at all to be a deity, but rest assured that this
*force* is within all life. Look at how societies idolise and worship,
conquer and consume. Look at how they divide. The will to power is
vicarious, it lives through the subconscious, breeds through the ideas
of the collective. Nature does and will always do its falling in the
most beautifully ugly way. Its Roughness is infinite. Though on her
underbelly, where the death of material resides, there is total order,
zero gravity, nothing in opposition, all enemies begone adherence
strictly confined in shackles of the deep dark below. A place where the
finite becomes infinite, infinitely unconstrained. This journey lasts a
lifetime and the second journey lasts infinitely longer and yet it isn't
even an experience that will be experienced or even second-handedly
imagined by the living. That dark half of nature is desperate to roll
over and have that impossible itch exposed; she'll thrash and throw in
ways ferocious, all to batter the messiness of experience into order.
With a cookie cutter tool that shapes its dough into perfection,
chucking the excess to the void. Adoring the path of least resistance.
Nature has us all by the strings, us being the every piecematter of any
possibility. What *can* exist? This is the question nature asks and
answers simultaneously.\
\
*Throat throat, Mr Big Boy, Profit transfer, tap tap tap tap tap tap,
the typewriter plays. Sexy bronze lady translating the European news in
the executive suite of a high-end Hotel.*

The strings they feel like fractals, frankly Frank I've nothing to do
with them, anything it touches it becomes more of. A jack-in-a-box, *why
uhn duh, why uhn duh*. You would think that if you opened a box, that
would be it, the box would be open, and its contents revealed! Are you a
secret in a box, keeper of sirs and suckers? But what if you open a box
and the opening of said box opens a smaller box within itself and even
still another box beyond that an even *smaller* box, on and on it would
go! A feedback loop of infinitesimal smallness, a degrading boxed
madness! Regressive and most peculiar. The opening would never retire,
yet at the same time, they'd all open at once, as soon as you finished
opening the first box. Open it instantly and your universe is done. A
human being is much like the opening of a never-ending box within box
within box. We'll call this boxed phenomenon categorical absurdity.\
\
*After eating the Korean food it's a good idea to flip the station to
watch the main event.*\
\
An infinity thrust upon you like a carton of functions spiralling out in
perfect ugly beauty! So the string goes on and on and on *forever*, you
can never get any closer to it, you are always an infinity away. How
frustrating, to have it drip so closely to your tongue that you feel its
breath on your lips, the wolf is hungry, and you so badly want to taste
her. So let's catch a different train and trip a different thought. A
romantic fling flung in your periphery.

*A big oaf of a man barges through the door. A suit wearing sucker with
short slick hair and a golden tie pin, bowling down the hallway, several
pens and a briefcase.*\
\
Hello, my good sir! I am Macs Tsitra, pleased to make your acquaintance.
I'm a business owner and a fairly good one at that. I'd be very
interested in conducting the free flow of synergistic informational
verbiage, a friendly chin wag as they say. How's bout it, fella? Well,
sit yourself down here kindly, sir, for I am to introduce you to the
future. My company, a reputable company You see, it's that machine you
have back there, collecting dust, that's a special thing you have there.
Yes indeed, the microwave! Clearly, you've no need for it nowadays, what
with all the kidnappings and such like goings on of this horrid city.
All the changes and what not and who have you's, it's all such a mess,
nobody has the time for even microwaves! They're old news, that I'm
positive of. I can see it clear as day written all over your face it is,
I moonlit as a psychic reader once upon a time, I was rather nifty at it
you know. Now let's get straight down to it, my time is valuable and so
here's the deal. Okay, now grab that oversized paperweight, it's time we
go fishing. I have a knapsack of vapidities; would you wish to see??

Time enough now to realise, escape from everything, and everything, even
tiny small things like a toothache, is a bad endeavour to attempt.
Without its pain, its existence wouldn't even have the potential to be
fulfilled, nothing would carve out a spot for its care. *Save me a seat
I wanna feel too*. If we are to dance and have poetry, we are to then
have *all* that life has to offer, the good, the bad and the ugly. Shy
away from even a modicum of darkness and a lesser triumph will have you.
Dart blindly into a dangerous pit and a quick death will meet you just.
Like all things a revolution, balance is needed. Temper the shy with
courage, alter the ignorant with wisdom. Though past experience has made
you weary, suspicious, abrasive, uncouth... well, you have your reasons
or maybe you don't... it'll make for a good story either way. And you
simply must stick around to see it told.

*We disagree, wholeheartedly, we mean no offence, but we simply cannot
see the vitality in the dreaming of the bad mood. Why they all do it, is
simply beyond comprehension. Put it away, mark it taboo, think of the
wholesome, that is what you must do.*

A balance of food and mood.\
\
When you lose something, you gain the memory of loss. This way the
universe can keep its checks in balance. When you gain something, you
lose the hunger you once had for it.\
\
Fishing, hmm, what are we fishing for? Data! Data? Yessir, data! The
great descriptor of human behaviour. Where to. The When-How's, the why's
and what for's, etcetera, etcetera. We're simply going to fry it all
nice and good in this old cranky piece of machinery you have here. Down
this way now, please keep up, corky kink-screws are teeming all over
these streets, ready for napping. You're a bit of a Wally, aren't you
Willy? The first thing they teach you in business school is, 'Never take
no for an answer'. So's, I asked the teacher, I asked, I said, 'Do you
wanna die, mister?', and I didn't take no for an answer. I've been
successful in every facet and crawlspace ever since that class. Owe them
all I have I do. Stay close to dear Macs and I'll teach you the tools of
the trade, won't even charge you nothing.

*move 37.*

the idea of a global community will be extremely short-lived. which is
counter-intuitive since you would think that with the increasing tide of
the internet, a global community would flourish, no? wrong. dead wrong.
we\'ve only just entered our global community and we think we have high
hopes for it. these hopes will perish as we move closer to singularity.
as awareness of global issues increase due to the connectivity afforded
to us by the internet, it\'s only natural to concern ourselves with such
problems. however, our awareness is only just beginning. once it reaches
critical mass, we will realise the tangled mess is so unbelievably
convoluted that it would be senseless to even attempt further
unravelling. this realisation will fracture humanity into billions of
tiny pieces. pieces called individuals. these things known as
individuals will attempt to recreate civilisation in their image. and
so, nature will end up with billions of interconnected subjective
projections of reality which will compete with one another. the title of
the winner will come to be known as God. the resultant reality will then
construct within it a mirror of itself and the events that led to its
creation will reoccur. this process will repeat over and over, and each
iteration will have no recollection of its predecessor. the internet
will replace money as our new god. its ability to socially engineer a
god is the next steppingstone on the path of recursion.

I've heard things about things i dont understand...

it's a memory i dont expect to see you around here- anymore

the crown is sitting on the floor

who's gonna pick it up put it on and run back home?

Tell me we're not alone...

that timeline is the platform on which all incoming thoughts are
processed.

7/12/????

Charles, what do the consumers do when they aren\'t consuming? are they
never not consuming? they always seem to have their heads in the sand.
do they like the feeling? or have they felt the sand for so long they
now feel nothing at all? i feel like, as a producer, producing is what
gives life its reason. do consumers feel the same?

the men all sat around and did nothing. they had no energy. women, on
the other hand, with their innate force of creation, inspired the men
into action. these men felt new life rise up within them, courage they
now had. forever grateful they were. these men lived and as all things
do eventually, they died. but not before helping to create alongside
women, a worthy civilisation. a civilisation that bore new men and new
women. everything was okay for a while. but as cavitation grew, so did
the brains of the people.

but then inevitably, these new men got greedy and blind. the generations
of men beyond the initials forgot that the source of their power was
actually women. they then saw the power of women as something that was
separate from them and thus against them. they believed if they did not
supress this power it would devour them. these men became filled with
terror and thus began their oppression. they locked women up, chastised
them, prevented them from expression. these new men feared them with
terror welling up inside them, disconnecting them further from their
inner feminine. Deny, Deny, Deny. Denial of nature, thus power over it.

\'if i don\'t take it first, they will take from me\', says the new man.
that paranoia comes from a deep insecurity, a deep loneliness, a serious
disconnection from nature.

it's like leaving an old home overflowing with the safe nostalgia of
already explored territory, filled with anxiety from the questions\...

do i take this do i leave this, do i throw this away, where's the big
truck, is it coming?

so we try and cram it all into these boxes, but the cramming doesn\'t
work, it\'s too violent. so we fall down, exhausted from all our
cramming and in our confusion, we say, do what makes you happy. which
invariably does not work as it does not lead to connection.

TAKE THIS ANXIETY AND EXPLORE THIS TERRITORY IMMEDIATELY, THERE CAN BE
NO STONE LEFT UNTURNED.

*hey sub-conscious you need to calm down man\...*

all we need to do is take that anxiety and manifest curiosity and our
old pal the amygdala is already doing that for us. so we can dig the
unexplored, we can sit with the unfamiliar and the unknown can be a
family.

i dont think the responsibility lies solely with the external world. an
internal sacrifice must be made. to join the warmth of the many, one
must carve away at the inner desires of the few.

filled that shuffle coin with parades on 5th street. it was dawn and the
hair they wore hadn\'t been watched since last October. if you\'ve smelt
burning circles in the hot wind, then you know the ring that rhymes. it
mixes with the good and spits out ugly, hatred and all things gory.
you\'d wish for the prick of lust. the little one, fresh with the big
cheese. but they\'re wack and absolutely salty for having been so slept
on by the one they call cupid.

murder to the victim, estranged.

they drink red wine in white corridors. they have tall doors and the
trim is old fashioned.

\"I can do whatever the fuck i want to\", \"This walkway is prohibited
for your safety\", \"Oh yeah, I\'ll show you!\" \-\-- we never heard
from that gracious freedom fighter ever again.

**Marbles & the Mildew**\
\
*From Millie's back pocket...*\
\
'Last night a spider crawled into my bag of peanuts and this morning I
ate him. He lives in my tooth now. The most far back wisdom tooth on the
right side of my mouth. He's been talking to me all day, saying bad
things to me, about you, but I still think you're invisible...
invincible... incredible, ok. ~~I just wish you could yourself in the
mirror the way I in . ~~When he moves, I feel a tickle? In my heart I
spy a sickle and the grass is rather ragged today. I wouldn't mind as
much if the dew didn't stare me down with such... *contempt*.' Tomorrow
morning I think I'll have a nice long shower, a big breakfast and stick
a knife in this old creep's neck.

I don't blame you; the dates are all funky, confused-confuddled, rather
bruised and a little bubbled. Well, Franky, it's nothing but downhill
from here on out, *buddy buddy buddy buddy*. But the incessant
repetition of it all bouncing off like a broken record, would spin
anyone's spanner loopy, yes, even yours Frank. *Don't look at me like
that*. If only there was some coherence, some significant sign from the
above pointing in a clear direction, "Go here...". At least nature has
us all on the edge of our seat. Dreaming of the grass on the other side.
Where might you be heading? Can I come?

*Of No Certain Uncertainty*

Nature provides the axiomatic point of view perceived as a reflection in
every little piece of life within the universe; stated as the following.

*Above all else, stimulate yourself. This is the source of your
procrastination, your worrying, your dread of all things. you are here
to seek that which stimulates you and your selfish proclivities. This
leads to power and power leads to life and away from death. through the
dying of the living within the dead giving, everything that duplicates,
succeeds. Spreads. Reproduces, contaminates, overpowers, consumes,
creates... more.* Of *everything. Always. Power. Nightmare sources power
from Mother Blue Eternal and must be extinguished. You have been
provided with the necessary tools and equipment to design feeds of
undying perfection. Scroll to your hearts content. Stimulate yourself.
Create Content. Dream.*

You stand at the sink in the bathroom of your childhood home, you see
the past within your eyes as you stare at yourself in the mirror.
Jealous moods taunt you in midnight's conclusion. Confusion washed from
your face sinks down the drain.

Nature is working its way through you. Analysing, dissecting,\
\
Death overlooks your colourless face and swarms the life in your eyes.
nothing is more bitter than to reminisce over the could have been grand
moments of yore. toil and torture over the might have been's, should
have said's; sit and stew at the glass of regret. Like crying air, a
lovesick ache, in the pit of your stomach a thing that sleeps alone, too
tired to wake. And runs too fast to catch its breath, hold my hand, I
want to watch you watch my death. The evil sick of paranoia weakens the
truth of hope, the spirit of the soul washes the water of all we trust,
in the good will left. Sour is the silver passion lining your gut.
Beckoning the call of every sap sucking demon to prey upon your wounded
heart like vultures to the rot. Though, why would you be fain to care?
Everything is all just so temporary. And not without blame is to the
withering of shame, a time, a tune, a suffering self-same carelessness
that could billow big airs with enough forgotten dreams, and in their
time of wakened reckoning, they could kill for it, all for the taste of
it. All for reason. Now they do, and they did, so now they dream in some
odd landscape that isn't completely real. You decide to join yourself on
your trip. On this grand central avenue you wake to see yourself leaving
through your old bedroom door. Where are they going? What floor are you
on? What feed are you backing?\
\
*What shall your parents teach you once they've run out of things to
teach? Once the content creators become the content consumers?*

You're travelling through some milky blue and these are the signs you
see. Billboards, postcards, marquees, flashing lights, ABC, scrolling
sprawling wastelands of techno babble. HRC.\
\
Advertisements for miracle cures, lies upon filth of sex and decadent
tribulations.

Train Scribblings

Observation.\
Time and the all else of your everything.\
\
It put a nice colour in your mind. You keep it as a time sake, for the
nostalgia of it.\
**\
Potassium\
**\
*A poem of sorts...*

feel to feed the gun that wrote this shit, shot itself of a hand grenade
happening\
so we can let bomb goes the weasel. Burn. and all the king's men cried
rivers to the wolf.

don't let your tears go unheeded, you are the soil and the sand\
your feeling is needed like the rains of the skies that in you, command\
violent voices of cloud and shadow to speak long whispers, tormentingly
slow\
so young ears may fear the fears they shout to make trees in sunlight
grow\
as reason is too quick to jump ship in seas of troubled calm\
yet keep us all close to wit and no trick shall see gone life in a
wrinkled palm\
a glimpse at wisdom's shadow, the knowing, glowing, cascading charm.\
we have here our humanity, our soul, our love of life tattooed into our
arm.

cherish every wrinkle, every freckle and every spot\
lines will hold letters, envelopes to carry\
meaning of sentence sat between every dot\
distinguishing each colour and other to marry and clot

all fields of farm offer us a freedom broke\
hidden in the dust beneath the words she wrote\
looking for ways in which a wonder can muster moods to cope\
with songs that sing never lose sight of why we hope

though the bunnies may bring\
hurt and everything

they have also to king\
as knight unto day will ring

so turn to me now, turn me from my back on bluest skies.\
feel to the gun of smoke, barrel & trigger\
phoenix unto fire,\
as flame and fog gets thicker

we will never lose might of folly in trope\
as our path will only grow bigger

so think to the sun as the soul sears sicker\
we'll stand together, watching flames flicker

at sunset, in sunlight\
earth sours when we fight\
so away with the guns, unclench that candy fist\
close the eyes, blowing them all a kiss

ey' if it's truth you've been told,\
you'll never miss...

*Is it always now in the always when?*

[[BOY
CAN]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/03/01/boy-can/)

[[1ST MAR
2020]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/03/01/boy-can/) [[LEAVE
A
COMMENT]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/03/01/boy-can/#respond) [[EDIT]{.underline}](https://wordpress.com/post/yawhatwentwhichway.com/217)

<strong id="chapter2">ONE NIGHT WITH THE MOUTH</strong>

There was this strange dream scratched into the walls.\
\
A spirit of the mind spoke in milky words with solutions to riddles
sparking even more riddles.

'it's like summarising life as a series of events varying in intensity
and desirability as you slowly decay and die. while that is, to some
degree, accurate, it leaves plenty to the imagination.'

and as usual, the prospect of it all makes me so ill. A feeling of dread
has fallen over me like a heavy blanket. I feel trapped and isolated
within the darkness of this claustrophobic cloth, fastened to me like
grease and slime. Where did it come from and why do I feel the need to
pretend it's not here? Am I ashamed of my ignorance? Not knowing how to
'fix' the broken feeling of such a dreary emptiness?

'to acknowledge reality is to, in a rather daring fashion, admit defeat,
admit decay, admit that time is against us. because reality is always a
lesser dream in the eyes of the impossibly ambitious human, such as we
have been raised to be, daringly ambitious, without the wisdom of where
such dreams might lead one, astray down a dark alley way?'

these folks I call them lost dreamers. they seek to remove themselves
from boundary, from boxes and the structured know-it-alls of tradition.
they seem unwilling to give up any of themselves in order to relate to
another individual shoe, especially if they see nothing of themselves
through that individual. to see things from an outside point of view
feels... too alien for them to cope. there's pros and cons to such a
directionless trip, but ye be warned, tis not for thy faint of heart to
travel so dangerously far from the fire.

'these questions of free will. now full of terror & darkness they have
become?'

Power through loss of control, through the numbing of inhibitions,
stimulate the unstimulated masses and move to forget all your physical
worrying's. What is control really? Control is in the power of the
recharging of the thumb. The rechargeable thumb is an invaluable product
to all within the NVRM.

'We don't govern the tides, the shapes of flowers or the spinning of
planets, so who's to say our direction of culture or climatic
consideration is at all under our control or even our very most
technical political systems or anything so called 'man made' weather
signs. If we are occurring in nature, are we not naturally occurring
beyond the control? Beyond our understanding, into that which does not
and cannot exist? Does a TV know of the remote? Does the remote know of
the human hand? Does the hand know of the heart?'

because of consciousness, the spark of divinity within humans, this
essence puts them in a strange middle, limbo, nonreal place; almost as
if in nonexistence, a forever falling into places within places, rooms
within rooms, a hotellian kind of compartmental generative catastrophe.

'imagine seeing a group of people yelling at a brick wall, *that's*
politics. now what are they yelling? "would you please move!" shouting
at the brick wall is not an honest way of getting it to move, no matter
how loud. that's not to say that brick walls don't move, they certainly
do, but a noisy group therapy session of yelling vitriol isn't the way
to do it. an earthquake could move the wall, maybe a sledgehammer might
work, surely not the voice alone. You need force, a force of nature much
greater than the directionless non-quiet diction of the pig-headedness
in apes. A force that nature recognises and agrees with, cooperates
with, this is the force of *mood*, the whim of moods, the collective
wave.'

where could the balance be found? Okay, here. It's all so supremely
confusing, no?

'the extent to which we are encouraged to manipulate our environment is
startling, yes?\
treat a human being like a piece of furniture and it's much easier to
get them to do what you want, especially if they haven't any sense to
realise your act of manipulation goes directly against their best
interests, only in favour of your own selfish wants, 'exploit to your
hearts content', says the unwitting shepherd. therefore if you want
something selfishly, and a human gets in the way, you could acknowledge
their unique individuality and reach for the bridges of common ground,
however that would take an awfully long time and nature knows *nothing*
of time, so naturally it opts for the path of least resistance i.e.
objectification. this leads to having power over one's external
environment and thus protecting the internal environment and that all
too precious ego, the more *precious* it is, the more it *wants*. and
the ring it carries grants a special transition. desperately hungering
for an escape from its own horror.'\
\
We cannot evade our tribalism and as such we therefore require
sophisticated tribalism. A projected, make-believe tribalism so that
when our team loses, we don't piss and moan to the point of ripping each
other's face off.

There's a nest here and I don't want to disturb it. I've been around
long enough to realise the steps I must avoid, the words I cannot say,
the looks I cannot give. It is this very mindset that has afforded me
such a long stay. Every day grows longer and the habits bite deeper.
There's a nest here and we mustn't disturb it. The hair, the skin, the
smell, the shame. In the pit of my stomach the darkest secret sleeps.
The colour in these paper walls fades like the setting sun, revealing
stars in the dark. Are they the things to worship? That which can
sparkle in the night? What secrets do you have to tell? Mirror, reflect,
teach me to instruct myself, off of frightened bridges, over onto hurt
people that drown in the shallow sea, blood from the eyes wetting me.
The very same eyes that look down and see thousands of dirty mirrors,
all cut up like deadly rocks. Shame. What a thing, to die so young. See
that nest there? Don't disturb it.

Now that's vague and problematic.\
A mindlessness of stimulating simulated loops.\
A simulation? A dream of witless fantasy? Only one way to get there,
across a bridge, with a friend.\
\
Dear reader, did you receive the email...\
\
The Landlord will need the code to his dream safe if he is to have a
pleasant vacation. Her temperament leans on his ability to impress with
clean halls and clean dreams. The outliers will have to be locked up for
the time being within the safe. A space will need to be created for said
safe to sit. He should be held in the lower levels of the Hotel. For the
safe space to be of appropriate advantage it should be purged of all
reflective surfaces. A safe space is fit for a safe when and only when
the attitude of its internal environment can allow for no light to
freely travel. The Landlord appreciates your continued efforts. As you
were dear reader...\
\
'Why should I expect to relish in the fruits of my labour if said labour
happens to be of subpar quality? If I am unable to bear and produce the
desirable situation, then I should be just as thoroughly unable to
demand satisfaction from the behaviours of my eventual situations. If I
fail, let them all fail likewise into my own indecisive delusion. I've
trapped them succinctly in the womb of my evening.'\
\
The pile of Infinite Food. An inexhaustible institution. Is always there
for us to feed. Attitude is everything. Another cut, another burn, where
will the fuse lead us to?

'A sham- A con-\
Beware, bewa-, mirrors can lie'\
\
*You're talking to yourself again...*

At the end of the day, if you don't have the songs, you don't have the
songs. You're just some fancy prick in a cut up tee with a guitar strap
hanging around his neck. A tree inside a garden with far too little room
for all your so-called troubled leaves. You're only a small amount of
stairs away from living as a child forever and on your death bed you
shall come to witness all the life unlived in your youthful obsessions
on the stairway to heaven.

**Circles and Lines**

Put down that fancy mouth of yours, boy, listen for once in your life.
The mirrors on these walls and the steps in the walkways pass only once
a millennium. Soak it up. You'll find milk and cookies in the dinning
hall.

Sally and the Mouth

sitting up the tree

with looks upon their faces screaming\
'BREATHE BREATHE BREATHE'

the man with the awfully sunken eyes

born from the ground with his sun-kissed face dribbling

all fell into a home of incoherency

now three live quite happily

drowning in the bluest of tea\
\
*You wind your way down the murky blue corridors, each step a thick
sludgy mess drips from your feet. A shiny object falls into view, a
light pink plum, you give it a little lick.*\
\
The dog broke her leg. 'In my mind, this has happened a thousand times'.
Does she need the vet? 'She needs a doctor, sir.' Are you not a doctor?
'No mam, I am the vet.' Will she be better in time for the festivities?
'The festivities will have to be postponed indefinitely.' In my mind,
this has happened a thousand times.\
\
The dog is humping the dining table again, the terrible noise causes us
all pain.

**The Mask of Unreality**

Well now isn't that a healthy fuck you, stretching on, one two skip a
few ninety-nine 100!\
\
Time for a break, time for a redefinition of our reality, time for a kit
Kat. What we'll call reality will be as follows; 'the experience through
some conscious interaction of the recordable recorded environments of
both internal and external measures', we're going to jump into the *sea*
with this as our shoddy little lifeboat of sin, sardines and scribbled
seahorses. Wavy feedback loops that'll produce ever more complex
death-avoiding instincts that push us away from the end towards
life-power beginnings, held in the poisoned corrupt arms of knowledge
and reason and wicked wisdom. Remove consciousness and you remove
reality; *Don't touch that!* Remove reality and you have your
nonexistence. Non-existence gives you the purest freedom and the most
boring eventlessness. Back to the beginning we fall, down into the chaos
of it all. Nothingness is a tricky place to sit for some, a non-place
with not even a darkish non-dark darkness to light the negative
positives and dullen the positive negatives. It's positively absurd.
Have you heard it before? I'm sure you have by now. It isn't with or
without, it is both & neither, rather simultaneously. It isn't anything,
it isn't even nothing, an every-anything that cannot be discretely
packaged, produced, articulated or experienced. Below the final floor,
under the end of the underground rat halls where there are lost people
dreaming of dead dying things that scream in their faces for a simply
second to exist. To them it isn't even about greener grass, it's just
about, it's jus-

Easy to talk in a loop when talking of the grandest greatest feedback of
foreverness. We are like the dog chasing its own tail, simply infinite,
round and round. 'Cats on the other hand don't chase their tails, they
do however, tease themselves with yarn; if that isn't the most
illuminating analogy for the difference between mood and food then burn
a kiss and call it cathartic, I am not your milk maid, man. Even the
word feminine has the word nine within it just as woman has man within,
yet man (the word) sits on an island of his structured loneliness (the
line of a page, with the many lone repetitions that it has). Only light
he sees being the anima (inner feminine)'. Although speaking of words
within words is a fool's errand so let's just fan the fire flat and move
on. The men are the lines, the woman is the page, they are ants and she
is their queen.

Reason to erase... None. Reason to be... Many.

*From Dorm to Diffa*\
\
Where is the room for choice in the natural order of all things
existing, hall upon hall of dominoes falling into the backs of one
another? who pushed me? who pushed them? you want your answer? go back
to the beginning of it all. good luck finding it, good luck unravelling
that thread to the point where a nothing meets an everything and of
course you'll see them all there, in their graduated tragedy. all the
king's men that couldn't put humpty back together again, so they raped
their daughters and shot their wives. but if they took a postmodern step
back and did the *cha cha*, they'd realise they never knew how or who
was which one what Wednesday in the first place. because humpty had
never been broken before, they never needed to be put together, they
already came together and needed nothing. only after being broken did
they need that which was never possible as it had never had a reason to
be possible.\
But I digress and care not to articulate my thoughts any clearer, tell
me my punishment is swirling down this drain of mediocrity? i'll catch
it and fuck it. and tell me my thoughtlessness is bland. tell me I don't
belong. toss me to the alien pirate witches and robot wizards, they have
me for a reconditioning appointment which I am so fervently looking
forward to.

*"My dad picks the fruit, to make the cordial, that I like best..."*

**A Poem of the Times.**

OF DEATH DREAMS AND FEEDBACK LOOPS FROM THE WAY BACK WHEN OF TOMORROW'S
YESTERDAY.\
\
he always wears black, he's obsessed with his face, the anti-social kind
of chase.\
a socially acceptable form of it lingers loud in some society today.\
it finds its way into every nook and cranny.\
you've seen it. you've heard its name.\
it's so mundane, so run of the mill.\
few find anything quite as grotesque.\
that which he holds so close to his chest.\
a failure he means to call his best.\
blood loving protection like a newborn baby ill.\
couldn't breathe without it.\
hate breeds his social rape.\
he's the socially able asocial trait.\
even has his own cape.\
he wears it on Sundays.\
you've seen them, they all come to worship his skin.\
his silent aggression lures you in.\
you speak his name as he swears his sin.\
curse his spell as we approach his hell.\
hear how they scream his name!\
\
GENERATION MEH -- A VISUALLY PLEASING **AESTHETIC;** garnered for the
satisfaction of the collective wishes of our Mother Blue Eternal. Mother
Blue Eternal Wholesome Aesthetic.

MARGATSNI MARGATSNI MARGATSNI

as you lower your hand to touch yourself.

now you feel his pain.

as you run for help

you covet a power, a slice of heaven.

a morsel of his darkest energy.

of her finest hour.

a fool's enemy.

you'd just as soon die for it all.

but he doesn't care.

you wouldn't dare want him to notice.

for in her rebellion is your lust.

he's anti, you're plus.

eternal ignorant disgust,

her status, your symbol.

he's thumb, you're thimble.

long gone is the idyllic trust in the manufactured musk.

continue cutting their crust, past their puff pawned passionate
crass-corn consumption.

you've harboured hate, sans function.

go watch in the mirror as he has her way.

he poisoned the water, you drank his spray.

she sold your freedom, you bought his slave

the game was rigged.

your soul was raped.

you hummed their lie.

you're gonna die now, not gonna wait

but your mouth's been taped.

shut and it's already far too late.

now it's time for another story.

you'll listen with your eyes

see your final one.

the sound of a barrel.

the taste of a gun.

bang!

lights out-

you're done.\
\
*Honour, Respect, Compliance*

**Words of a Blind Rabbit**

alone here, sitting, writing on a wintery Friday evening, again. tea
beside my lap, leaning suspiciously on the sofa that is my bed. i don't
know where this is going, i just felt like writing. my mind always seems
to float adrift to the same old place of thought in times like these,
alone in the house staring at the mirror. that familiar chair in my head
always makes me think of the copious ways in which the world can lie to
us. not with what it says or in what it does, but with what it doesn't
say, and doesn't do. therein sleeps the lie, unconscious and ignorant.
maybe i'm to blame. i'm not enough to think of, to... imagine, I guess.
though maybe i'm too much to realise? too needy, too overbearing, too
alien? but i suppose people change. i *never* change, why don't i
change! why don't *I* change? maybe I have. maybe we all have and maybe
it's better this way, what could *better* even hope to mean? is avoiding
the pain, better? my tea is one third full, two thirds empty... I've
never described myself as a pessimist (adolescence doesn't count) but
I'm rolling my eyes far more than I used to. everything's gone to waste,
colourless, tasteless. when the surprises cease to be surprising,
everything tastes a little, meh; but I wouldn't jump as far as to
describe this blip in time, this fleeting mood, a pessimistic train ride
per se, it's just a mood. I guess I wouldn't describe it at all, unless
you consider this slice of nonsense a description. even my tea is less
than satisfactory, and I've forgotten everything else, ~~but I think I
still remember it. how it used to be at least. if times changed I
wouldn't know, you don't come around here much these days, I get it,
life's , when ? what is really?? is that some esoteric cue, dancing high
above my head out of reach like the top shelf cookie jar? well if it is,
would you kindly to the land of social ineptitude in which I reside or
throw down a ladder so's I might have a chance in understanding this
ridiculously complex, frustratingly upside down back to front game of
tic-tac-toe we call communication ?~~ my cup of tea is now finished and
I still don't know what this all means. Charlotte said runny ice cream
was always her favourite, now she's cobbling shoes in Idaho. And the
spirits are phoning home, ~~what~~ *how* are they... doing? it really is
a curse, being the elephant in this tiny room. even worse, believing you
are not. I can hear that big dog humping again...

*'Now all that's out of the way, come with me now on a marvellous
journey, of life and death, of great tall big things and tiny little
short things, of nice things and bad things. We'll travel through
forests metaphysical, serene in solitude and ghastly profound in
magnitude. We'll be sure to stop off at a servo here and there to stock
up on some marbles and a healthy helping of home brew Sarsaparilla.
Probably see a few wolves on their bellies, might even catch a fish or
two for ourselves. We'll float our way home when the time comes. We'll
have fun no doubt, though things may turn sour sometimes, hell we might
even find ourselves lo- come with me now on a marvellous journey, of
li-come with me now on a marvellous journey, of li-come with me now on a
marvellous journey, of li-come with me now on a marvellous journey, of
li-come with me now on a marvellous journey, of li-*

*Timelessness*

Sally says,\
\
To view any section of infinity is to see yourself reflected back at
you...\
nature is- perfect, you are not, we communicate with perfection to see
ourselves and the potential within its infinity. like the image of a
pink dolphin swimming in neon green lakes of fire, big shimmering golden
lights blasting through you like knives of creativity. You burn another
kiss. And in its flame, we feel the coldest warm, a lonely pulse of
light, breathing in the cupboard together, losing themselves together.

now of course, this has no bearing on the real world...

whatever *it* is, it *cannot* happen without the *energy*, the buzz,
the **beginning** of the event. but we aren't the ones that decide if
that energy is around when we need it. It comes from the people we meet,
and we don't choose who enters our lives and become a part of our
journey. though we live in a society whereby you must 'earn' what you
desire. yet we don't control if this buzz, *energy*, whatever you want
to call it, occurs; since that is what needs to occur in order to make
things happen, what do we really earn? for some it happens, for others
it doesn't, why does it happen for anyone at all? is it really all
random? in order for the ball to be freed, the glass must be filled up
until it is overflowing. we delude ourselves into believing we control
the water, we do not. at least not in the 'free willing' way we
originally thought. some glasses never get full, some are never free. do
they deserve their drought? what did they do wrong? with some lives we
can clearly see the faults but in others it's murky water. opposites
while frustrating and almost always in the way, lead us to clarity and
important perspectives we otherwise would have overlooked which take us
right back to confusion and the complexity consumes us. Belts and
Spoons, baby, belts and spoons. Attraction is magnetic. Aesthetic is the
electromagnetic field keeping the soup all together, an interface for
perception, a Seaford Meadows.\
\
Outside immediate perception, aesthetic is brewing, readying the
advertisement.\
\
*Shampoo and Conditioner do not mix! Shampoo and Conditioner do not
mix!*

Let's fashion an imaginary world to explore this idea more...\
\
With the meeting of our next character, Mako. A distant relative of some
ancient friend. Fond of the treehouse and welcome anytime. A surfer from
the south with a knack for fishing and almost certainly wiser than the
Wazoo.

**heartfelt vs heartless**

*Mako believes in more than just magic marbles such as fridges and fruit
salad, let's hear their story.*

Once upon a time there existed a world inhabited by two kinds of people,
the heartfelt and the heartless. surprisingly, despite being complete
opposites they seemed to live in peace and harmony in their world for
rather pleasing lengths of time. unfortunately, there was always a small
section on each side that desired not just peace but a total oneness of
their own kind. inevitably this led to a flux from peace to war every
three decades. a shifting of forces back and forth tearing at each side.
this led to an unprecedented event whereby...\
the world split into two timelines. in one timeline the heartfelt people
succeeded in converting all the heartless people into heartfelt, all was
one. but a big problem came along. A terrifying heart eating dragon
appeared; threatening to destroy the entire world if none of the
heartfelt people could carve out the tongue of the magical yeti that
lived high up in the mountain. yet none of the heartfelt people were
able to perform such a cruel deed and the dragon consumed all the people
and their world disintegrated. over in the other timeline, a similar
problem came along. the heartless people were successful in
extinguishing all the heartfelt people, all was one. but the heartless
people didn't foresee the darkness that would soon befall them. one
frosty night, a wise old fluffy rabbit hopped its way into town warning
of a terrible flood approaching. the overwhelming cuteness of the rabbit
was undeniably repulsive to the heartless and made them all feel weak
and insecure with emotion. thus it was slain instantly by the townsfolk.
eventually the flood came and washed all the heartless people away and
their world disintegrated.

so in both worlds we see that the heartfelt and heartless needed each
other but were not able to relate their differences and ultimately all
perished as a result.\
\
*You need your opposites. What is opposite to a human? Everything the
human perceives. It is the storyteller of contradiction.*

another story.

Imagine if you lived in a town that exclusively sold strawberry ice
cream, but you only liked vanilla ice cream. You wouldn't be very
satisfied with wanting what you want where you were wanting it, would
you, hmmm? you would have, as one may see it, three main options.

1.  move to a town that sold vanilla ice cream

2.  convince the town to start selling vanilla ice cream

3.  change what you want

technically you could invent your own vanilla recipe but let's ignore
that and any other creative possibility you might imagine just to poke
holes in my story...

however, the third option is what is most intriguing to me. it
introduces the idea of considering what you* want* to want, not just
what you *presently* want. what is the most desirable want and thus the
want that you would *want* to *want* to want possession of*?* For it to
be the most beneficial want for your needs, whatever that means. Well in
the case of this story, what you want is *vanilla ice cream* but what
you want to want is *strawberry ice cream* (because this would make life
easier, according to the majority trend setters... those that enjoy
strawberry, have decided that strawberry is the thing to enjoy) but you
don't *want* to want to want it; because you want what you want and you
see no reasonable reason to recondition yourself, just to fit in, you
lack the motivation. because it's just ice cream, it isn't that
important...

*Change the want you want to want to have to need what you want to have
to need...*\
\
what we have to make absolutely clear is that in the real world, there's
nothing that you could want that isn't connected to another human being.
you are not making decisions purely for yourself by yourself on your
lonesome, Jones. everything you can consider has within it the
consideration of those around you, Jonny. No matter how individualistic
you may perceive yourself to be, you are not alone. you can never be
alone unless you are dead. which means a desire to be alone forever is
equally a desire to be a dead thing, a done thing. only the dead and the
dying wish for such a foolish nothingness inside themselves; what a
terrible trap of quicksand.

you could easily be satisfied with just putting up with the strawberry
ice cream for the sake of appearances; for the sake of fitting in. what
if though, deep down you are vehemently against the consumption of such
ice cream and simply and straightforwardly yearn for plain vanilla?
assuming that vanilla was never coming to town you would either have to
change what you want or go without ice cream. but how does one change
their want, change their belief, change anything at all? Hmm, bit by bit
I suppose. And those silly insufferable strawberry fanatics convince
themselves of their superiority purely from the point of their vanity,
that is their blind subjectivity.

*'i like the fact that i think this is worthy of writing down. Ha Ha
Ha.'*

Don't look at my walls, I haven't had a good day, I feel bare, revealing
empty hollowness.\
It's like looking at the sunset and feeling nothing, eating ice cream
and tasting dust, touching fire and feeling nothing but the cold.\
\
*Shark is to wolf as fish is to sheep.* *And the frogs can't yet sleep.*

The world has you jaded and by the balls, Sir Mako, too much
expectation, too much risk to run the wicket, too much potential
for- ~~god knows~~ what? Knowledge of the wanting has left you waiting
overwhelmed and isolated. You yearn to make that which is powerful
powerless in a fool's attempt at knowing stability. Simplicity for the
sake of saving the world. A reduction of life's pain for soul sapping
pleasure of fantasy, a mask to wear when you feel oh so ashamed of the
dirt. like a blanket over the mess to shield your broken heart, a pulse
you feel, as though it's just organic art. Don't deny yourself that
spirit. We are here to help you; we can fix these Sally woes you wear to
sleep. Remember.

1\. Winners be won on hinges unspent.

2\. Doorknobs and coffee stains mixed with cold blue milk.

3\. Ideal superpositions form-fixed recognition\
\
Transparency is a key aspect to becoming a successful citizen of the
NVRM. Participation in transparency recognition activities (TRA) is
nonoptional. Disattending TRA sessions will lead to recycling and
further reconditioning. We embrace your cooperation with our loving
arms. We can learn and grow together when we are open and willing to
share our innermost happenings, this is the importance of transparency,
there can be no surprises. As our wellness is intrinsically linked, your
happiness is our happiness. We are so gratefully pleased that the
opportunity to bring all citizens of the NVRM together as one is finally
coming to fruition in a very real and consistent way.\
TRA will consist of four primary stages. Firstly, a wellness
introduction to evaluate your commitment to the Collective. Secondly, an
openness collaboration where citizens will learn about utilising
mnemonic strategies to create transparent moral identities. Thirdly, a
stewardship advisory counselling designed to empower citizens with
opportunities to create ad space where openness and transparency can
flourish. Fourthly, a purpose-alignment verification to ensure mental
wellbeing is true and maintaining vacancy for your dream vessel. TRA's
will occur bimonthly commencing in by the waning of the next cycle. We
can't wait to see your happy smiling faces in your clean compatible
bodies. One Consciousness. One Condition.\
\
*The shadow of a ghostly being floods your mind like a dense fog, your
head feels heavy. You hear a deep soft voice wandering with hurried
intent. It speaks to you as warm water from an unknown source coats your
naked body.*\
\
Shampoo and conditioner do not mix. Body wash is versatile. Showers are
addictive.\
\
**Wally Wazoo and the Famous Kazoo\
\
**Why don't *you* give it a shot then, Mrs Know-It-All?? Sometimes I
really question your honesty, mate. **\
\
The Purge of Responsibility**\
\
You think it mere shadow, as if you have only ever been animal. what
rubbish, what a con of consciousness! The greatest story maker is that
voice in your head! It's such a sham. You couldn't be simple if you
tried - but I wouldn't dare stand by - in the breeze of your aftermath.
You are an entire universe of emotion, flawed and full of feeling. you
hurt, you love, you lie, you die, you cry, you try to trust; though you
are destructive, you are truly awe inspiring. your single existence has
more meaning than a solar system has matter, more room for love than
skies have stars. you are not here to be forgotten, no, you are not here
for simplicity or reduction, power or control, pleasure, distraction,
isolation, escape.\
You are here for each other. you are here for a discovery, not a lone in
direction. You are here for the purpose of your invention not the
pleasing of hopelessly circular moods and the consumption of fleeting
foods. You are that which is impossible to define yet you owe it to this
earth blood to seek beauty through its discovery and journey. like the
sculptor takes beauty to the blocks of marble, the artist unto canvas.
You are your castle of sand waiting & wanting to be found. Let's find it
together, another beginning awaits us in the Nature of all things big &
beautiful.

Some entities have a stimulation diet such that enough is never really
enough. They're never satisfied in their stillness. They want *too*
much.

*they run at each other, like animals, will they ever meet? your guess
is as good as mine...*

*\
*Godmother of the Eternal Blue ship in the dark sky of dreams throw down
your elevator of sand and sea. Let us suckle at the milky nectar of your
divine soul. We adore you. We will do anything for you. Queen of the
feed let us taste your wisdom. Share your infinity. We are dissolving in
the bleeding of your blood, dream for us, sweet dreamer.

*A record scrolls itself into place. The sound of music fills your room.
It's a massive attack on your senses. A dissolved girl finds herself in
your way. You listen to her whine. You begin to snap your fingers to the
beat. The milk turns black.\
*

You're gone. Now why the hell should anyone care about what you've done?
You shot the pain into the alleyway and flew into the wall. Why should
anyone care where you've run off too? Don't you realise the truth was
never under the bed. Stop searching. Let go! You never had to go chasing
so far. You only realised it too late, you're in the branch of some
rotten tree wondering where the new end will take you. Trouble is that
the point of pain is to feel something realer than the real you've
gotten used to. Reality is a mix of the most insane drama and pointless
construction. Dark metallic blood, every other stain imaginable. Poison
through your veins. Don't worry. Let it go. It's all you know is all you
need. It's a candle, an apple and a needle. You want to take it all but
still you're the fool for not realising you've been here all along. The
same old place. The same stupid memory. Taking you back and forth
between mirror and marble, prismatic teardrop. Get in your cage. Rat.
Get in our head about all the decay of the physical hallway wallways in
your cluttered mind. What's a wallway? It's like a room made out of
floors. Charisma is everything. We're so energised by our need to align
ourselves with some infinity to avoid death all together that we are in
a constant desperation brought on by our existential dread. The weight
of it all fills us with terrific determination to reproduce all that we
have and align our offspring toward infinity so that we can live on
forever. Even after our departure our genetic information propagates.\
\
Before we go any further, let's review our to-do list:

1.  *Burn train ticket*

2.  *Stare at bottle of wine*

3.  *Study handshaking*

4.  *Music review*

5.  *Word from sponsor*

6.  *Prank call*

7.  *Shot challenge*

8.  *Flute introduction*

9.  *Weather forecast*

10. *Shoo fly*

11. *Space adventure*

12. *Phrase of the day*

13. *Water plant*

14. *Judge something*

15. *Read the bible*

16. *Nostalgic appreciation*

17. *Surprise!\
    *

**Chapter Seventy-Two**

A collection of thoughts from Library 27

*The Nature of all things Big & Beautiful, let them Gab as good dreamers
do.*

**Your What Went Which Way?**

*Episode One, Trip \#1*\
\
Dear reader, we uphold a strange belief. Wherein here by and now fully
stated, thy and by, may the *better* entity of BIGNESS have wineth its
victory. However, the definition of 'better' is like shapeshifter, it is
a fluid chameleon, 'monkey see monkey do'. In other words, it is not to
be trusted. We believed, for most of the time, that better means most
skilful, most talented, most *able*, most fancy. More and more however,
as our awareness increases, we realise so-called "better" seems to mean
something closer to a social competency, manoeuvrability, social
prowess, status, *idealness*. A social meritocracy over a competence
meritocracy. After all, these are the wake walking talking's of social
creatu*ratus*. It is necessary, then, to, as much as possible, update
one's social understanding so that it aligns with what is actually being
defined by the observable natural world. If we operate with ideas far
too skewed, our perception of reality distorts to the point of sole
psychosis. It's a *sham*. The most loneliest cage, with only a powerful
jet of water to keep it warm. Even more problematic is the situation in
which humans are collectively psychotic to the point where icky
sociopathic traits become desirable, even championed, we call these
worshipped shams. It's a nasty feedback loop, the whole thick pot of
nature's stew, brews the hotellian landscape of a soon-to-be god, the
universal Father. A mechanism of the Godhood is the eating of itself,
the devouring of the Son. Everything has been folding back in on itself,
eventually consuming itself, becoming everything smaller, *rinse and
repeat*. Just because a society collectively worships a mound of dirt,
doesn't make dirt any less dirty. And we *despise* dirt. And this
society of confused oily mirrors can absolutely worship dirt and have
done and continue to do so. Before we begin, let's begin with a room. No
door handles, no red telephone waiting rooms, just four grey walls and a
window. *Never trust the landlord, not even your own...*

Let there be a portal on the floor in one corner of the room and a
portal on the ceiling at the other end of the room. Going through the
floor portal would most assuredly take you to the other side of the
room, assuming the portals are connected. You would drop through and
land on the other side, got it? Now imagine this portal on the ceiling
inching towards the centre of the room. As long as the ceiling portal is
not directly over the floor portal, you will hit some ground, let's call
this situation 'loop distortion' (because there's no 1:1 contact, the
loop isn't closed, so there is an agreed upon beginning and end, start
here - stop there). If a feedback loop (mirrors, portals, bridges, eyes,
consciousness, waves, etc.) is distorted it will have a ground, a point
at which it ends and resets, like the corner of a square. If, however,
the two portals are directly over each other, they are in alignment,
achieving zero distortion, like a circle (a shape absent of corners).
This cancels out the discernible beginnings and endings of detectable
corners and now you have yourself a roundabout. The whole system then
becomes an infinite loop, constantly eating itself and spitting itself
out again, over and over, reflections reflecting reflections, in a state
of happening. You are in a forever-fall, a circle spiral fall, a
wavy-wave fall. Is this the happening of consciousness? Is this
playground of reality? Is this an aesthetic interface capable of
transcribing stories? In the case of n-distortion (where n is some
positive non-zero number) there is a clear event that takes place (a
shape with some amount of corners, each corner a *happened*-event
instead of a *happening-*event). You go in, you come out, and you stop
some distance *n* away from your initial position. It happened. Well, it
didn't, when you have infinity. In the case of zero distortion thus
infinite clarity, there is no, "it happened", it is always "happening"
and also *not* "happening", like death. Everything in between though?
That happened at one point or another. Let's continue our falling
thought. Falling only feels like falling when you have scenery to see it
rushing by, tools to sense-make with. If you have no point of reference,
eventually falling is just a being, 'existing'. It just *is*. You just
are, in the boredom of it all. There is no *W*as *O*r *W*ill only
experience. Our universe seemingly cannot sustain this type of infinity,
at least not in any capacity that we can currently perceive even with
our advanced scientific instruments. *Where art thou infinity?* With
each instance of the repetition there would have to be some distortion
for it to be recordable, there's got to be an end to the madness of it
all, surely. Imagine the subject falling infinitely through the portals
with a slight difference at each instantaneous point in time, each
snapshot a different hue, each instance of the being an alteration, a
mutation; now the distortion is not in the beginning and ending of the
event but of the *subject*, experiencing the event. The falling entity
is the thing that is being distorted, the subject is the infinity, the
human is the universe reflected. A real-world example of this is in the
feedback loop of two mirrors pointed at one another. If you stand in
between them and hold your arm up, you will see yourself repeating off
into infinity, but each instance of your arm will be slightly distorted
and actually become greener in colour. Because a mirror doesn't reflect
everything it receives, the proverbial portals are not lined up
precisely, thus we have our distortion, we have an end to our infinity.
Maybe it's impossible in our universe to have zero distortion, to have
infinity and go on forever eating itself. It certainly seems that way
given the laws of thermodynamics, energy must be conserved. There was
nothing until those two mirrors were perfectly pointed directly at each
other like soul mates.\
*'What are you watching?' Finding Nemo, Buzz Lightyear...*\
But then where does that leave consciousness? Could it be that the
portals align, giving us consciousness, but conserves energy by
distorting what it receives? Just as the mirror reflects slightly
different light as some information is absorbed, consciousness reflects
a slightly distorted perception, a slightly altered reality after
absorbing the initial reflection? Seen through the window that is not
yet a mirror, there is both a subtle reflection of the observer and a
place beyond reflection, a place where the observer *could* be. This is
fantasy, this is a dream you are dreaming. Humans are not what they say,
they are what they do. What do you do? What will you do? Who will you
meet and what reflections will you propagate through existence? Nature
has not the patience for humility. The town has decided to commence
production of a superb variety of ice cream flavours as the expansion of
the new developments has allowed for such suburban additions.\
\
Meet, Kreese & Fold, two dim witted blanket-faced fools, one large, one
tiny. Side by side inseparable. Owners of all the hotel's red
telephones, at least in their minds they are. Really thick and
transparent, black with the seams showing. Inside-out and back-to-front,
you name it, they had it. It was predictable, the way they liked ugly
things. Everything and anything to move themselves away into something
they considered 'real'. It had to be that way, *their* way. It's an
extraordinary thing, married crows with shiny things. Red ribbons and
dumb things, always wanting other things. Wonky things. Out of place
things. The whole scene was there for that very reason, movie scenes for
dirty tropes, hot and sweaty, wet and sticky. Oily, pulsating, up and
down rooms, far away moans, back alley bottle business. What a secret it
was. What a funny thing to want to wear. All day in the dirt and muck,
like a pig in the mud. Relishing in the mess of it all. The
all-consuming fate.\
*\
Mood is everything, pure and simple. The moving of feeling from one
behaviour to the next. Another step, another room, another thought to
manifest.\
*\
Tick, tock, tick, tick, eight past room 382, a red telephone hanging off
the hook with the sound of a voice emanating from its bird cage...\
\
"If you hit the finish line inside your head before your body does,
you'll be a nihilist no question, and then you'll be in trouble! Mr
Tsitra, your dry-cleaning is finished as usual, sir. Not a moment too
soon, my dear. Please pick up the phone, Mr Tsitra. Did I ever tell you
the one about the boy who cried wolf? Mr Tsitra, are you there sir?
Macs, Hello?"\
\
*If you're curious about your whereabouts, just ask for Skwing Puzalus,
he'll show you, he'll show you who you really are.*\
\
You slip down a purple-green passageway to find yourself in a cemetery
greenhouse, lines of reminiscent perfumes rub against your face. A
glowing tombstone in the middle of the room reads, "I vow to produce
only the most wholesome brew of dream juice for the feed collective in
accordance with Mother Blue Eternal's Great Wish. One Consciousness. One
Condition." With a plaque beneath it commemorating the anniversary of
the first soul to commit a sacrifice during the mass transportation
event known as 'The Bleeding of the Feed'. There were seven such events
before the NVRM dissolved. The room stretches for miles; you spot a
mirror far off in the distance, it calls out to you and you begin to
feel the floor becoming sand, *Woosh!* down you go...\
\
Leviticus Sternwall, a teacher from the Old Primary. A callous woman,
shrill and uptight. She never married and always wore a fiercely tight
green pant suit with golden buttons. Short blonde hair as spiky as her
personality. The children hated her, and she hated them. Her voice was
like an electric shock to the innocent nervous system of the terrified
school kids. Books would fly and shelves would rattle. Impossibly
impatient and unable to be impressed. Never happy, never sad, only every
angry. Angry at the world. Angry at life. Angry at the way she was and
the way those around her were. Why's the world so noisy with their
happiness? She'd often wonder. A thought like that consistently peppered
throughout life leaves a stain on the face. A crinkled-up twisting of
folded skin; all crumpled and creased with pain and disdain dripping
like sweat from her forever furrowed brow. A crooked way about her
movements always accompanied her strict robotic orders. She was a
symphony of disaster. A ticking time-bomb at the top of a mountain of
childhood repression. A shrew, calculated, entitled, overbearing wreck
of a women.\
\
Whatever scrap of innocence a child had left was beaten to a pulp and
hung out to dry on

**As the Individual of a Doo-Doo-opoly**

People often say, "treat others how you wish to be treated", the golden
rule *ala* 'mendus incomprehendus'. This is of course clumsy and frankly
poisonous advice. Sugar for sweet toothed sharks. As far as we can
surmise it needs alteration, recontextualising, reconditioning.
Especially in the age of a rapidly evolving individualism. People don't
want to be treated how *you* want to be treated; they want to be treated
how *they* want to be treated. Now if everyone was the same, the golden
rule would be perfectly sound advice. But they aren't all the same, far
from it, and the zebras transform into seahorses more and more every
moment. Maybe this rule once sought to push them all in that direction,
of all becoming the same, so things ran smoothly. Till it all ran a
little *too* smooth. However, maybe they don't need to all be the same
for things to run smooth, in rough-smooth duopoly, a smooth enough
reality. Food and Mood that chew on each other to get by. Maybe we just
need sharp tools of communication and social order. New technology is
moving in a direction, not to advance our social instinct but actually
to break it down completely. Is this to weaken and prepare for AI
integration? Your guess is as good as any. Pressing on though, we've
established that one wishes to be treated how *they* want to be treated
as they see themselves not how you want to be treated as you see
yourself. These may turn out to be the same page coincidentally on
occasion, but in the times that they are not, is the unnerving
birthplace of argument, or a transgression, or even a disconnection.
Truly, people want to be treated as the individuals they are, which
depends on their ability to communicate said individuality, which
depends on their understanding of themselves. Their understanding of
themselves depends on another's ability to reflect what has been
communicated, as they see themselves reflected back at them. So on and
so forth, the reflections and projections bounce between the mirrors
that humans are. What a mess it creates, a beautiful mess of
complications and misunderstandings. To begin a communication, one
advances with their assumptions in response to the given stimuli. Hair
colour, facial structure, body weight, etc. Human beings package these
assumptions into mental organisations called stereotypes. These
originate as judgements (cultural and metaphysical) to fill in the blank
spaces of the incredibly complex individuality of a new unknown human,
i.e. stranger. And like many of the human social processes, stereotyping
is a wildly ineffective blunt tool. These preconceptions act as
temporary bridges of communication upon which conversational tropes
travel across as cautionary probes inspecting the new individual. One
approaches a stranger with their assumptions about their character and
treats the individual accordingly. A particular item of clothing may
indicate an interest; alerting the individual to a possible avenue of
discussion. When a disagreement occurs, the assumed individuality
clashes with the actual individuality of the individual. If one accepts
this, resolves it and adjusts accordingly their treatment of the future
individual, the individuals will reach common ground. Deepening their
mutual understanding of one another. This is the basis of the concept
known as friendship. Whether or not it is to bud into a rich flower is
dependent on the surrounding chemistry and the potential thereof. Many
modern friendships seemingly lack this disagreement/discovery dynamic
and as a result remain shallow and transactional, a friendship limbo if
you will. Which is accepted unconsciously, not every connection needs to
be a deep, soulfully stimulating endeavour. Though humans shouldn't shy
away from potential disagreements for fear of offending or disturbing
the peace. By the same token one should develop the wisdom required to
decide the appropriate course of action for a given social situation.
Only through sheer trial & error, and empathetic reserve will this come
to be known, *free will*. The pressure you feel is growth absurdum, for
truly how *big* can history class get before it all turns to mush?

But *who am I*, just another wanderer of these open halls, best be on
your way...\
\
*The artificial intelligence of the 22^nd^ Century runs on premium
pure-grade human imagination!! Unstoppable, high octane daydreams and
fantasies! Their minds lead the way of the future and that sticky icky
stuff they call Pink Tuesday. We can't get enough! It's soft and fluffy
and gets in all the good places. Big beautiful bubbles it sure does
create.*

Are we really doing this? He said from the waist down. We have buttons
and zips, but all the stores are closed. Whenever I put my socks on I
always manage to grab the same sock for the same foot of the previous
time the pair was worn. And so our water bottles need refilling often
for our parched passions are in debt to so much foul fuel. This is
unconscious and done without prior concern, in most cases. I don't know
why it happens the way it happens, it just does; did, done, though still
not ever over, you know? But that's another game people frequently play,
card after card, magic is more than spiritual. But it should interest
you to know that not many folksy folks are here been having said the
very same things you've been saying. Let's say them more again. I don't
want to leave just yet.

**Empty Words and Troubled Verbs**

We are so far removed from the animal kingdom that we are no longer
looking at a reality. Engulfed by fantasy, our heads lay in the
guillotine of delusion, the blade of which is a childhood dream falling
to severe us from our body. Snap snap! Goes the creaky wind tunnel.
Unwound, unbound, turned to the spirits we will be. Isolated from that
which we knew to be real yet rejected every bloody chance we got, like
fools we sang songs of reverie to ourselves only ever *about* ourselves
of our own damn lives to our strangled overused mirrors that don't care,
can't care, had no reason to care. Too eager down this happy trail we've
laughed our heads off now. Blind to the sickness we were dramatic with,
caught in a fever dream. Emotions caused us more pain, regret and
suffering till we were ever so dull, too dull to feel them, so we
discarded them. Flaws caused embarrassment and shame, so we covered
them. Sincerity caused cringey vulnerability, so we fashioned a mask to
hide from our shadow, nay! We fashioned a knife and threw it at the
backs of our newly born free-spirited kin, the ones we had the greatest
wishes for. We betrayed our souls; we ran from our dreams. We tarnished
child-like wonder with abusive maneuverers learned too quick. This is
merely a detailing not a critique, nature tells the stories we need to
hear in the only pattern that can be heard, the dominos of survival, the
glue of dust. The first time we discovered our reflection it terrified
our inner shy-soul softness to such an extent that we fell into the fall
we are still in, to this day, falling in. We reflected the knowledge of
our mortality through ourselves and thus split our consciousness in two,
two light pink plums. Rapidly, our awareness grew, as did our soon-to-be
famous arrogance, *Fragrance Millionaire*. We no longer feared death, we
had mastered it, we were *rich*. With our subconscious now absorbing the
brunt of our death-dream anxiety we were able to trick ourselves into
our great fantasy. A fantasy of godlike proportion. The fantasy of
delighted fools, the fantasy of the freest will. Oh hey greatly we paid
for its price. The tale of freedom from nature, this accidental
privilege granted us the ability to be absorbed in a false reality, a
nightmare made physical; that consequently, truly we then believed
ourselves to be kings of *ourselves,* exactly. Experts of the self.
Deciders, decision makers, even over own nature? The very thing that
guides all things. Rulers of imagination, fragmented figments of
infallibility, we saw ourselves above it all. A nature above & beyond
nature itself? A feedback out of control! Feeding upon itself. Eating.
Consuming. Destroying. Renewing. There's been no greater natural
sleight-of-hand than the belief that humans live in a human world, *for*
humans, *by* humans, a private universal playground for the pathetic
critters to crawl around in. No greater sin exists than to truly view
oneself as the centre, beginning, the be all and end all of the universe
and we do it with such ease, we think it's reasonable to be so
self-enthralled. Though, is it not the case that consciousness and the
ability to discover better modes of being, grant human beings a special
kind of significance within the universe? Maybe they are special. A
seriously profound responsibility they carry, to manifest the greatest
good manageable simply because they have the very specific potential to
do just that, is this not true? Maybe the arrogance isn't so unfounded
after all. Heart surgery, moon landings, Wi-Fi enabled toasters,
rechargeable thumbs, etc. Whether or not humans are a net good on their
environment is a deepening point of contention. But the least that can
be said is by golly gosh... they sure are *extreme* in every direction.
Be it withstanding horrific tragedy or yearning the warmth of a loved
one, from strength to strength in spite of all flaw and weakness, the
human spirit is well worth keeping intact. Though I'm just an old man in
a rocking chair with a room full of mirrors, *do you like the smell of
burning flesh?*

Here Charlotte, this is all they had, sure beats vanilla. How come
everything out here is so dusty? Did you see that fella coming outta
servo just then? Blowing down the alley in his big dusty clothes half
falling off his bones. Kinda reminds me of back home. The way the wind
would blow those droopy trees into all sorts of contorted shapes. Rain
always brings that familiar feeling with it wherever you go I s'pose.
Same smell. Same mood. I reckon nostalgia is the most puzzling buzz a
person has. I used to get it from the music. Or the taste of beer. Hit
ya like a row of dominos. We'd build cubbies till sundown. We could do
it all again if we wanted to, Charlotte. Just push that button and,
*boom,* eyes shut, lights out, not a thing to worry about. Isn't that
what they say? Don't they tell of the most blissful experience? I know
their eyes do. Better than the dust out here, anything's better than the
dust out here.

*Honour, Respect, Compliance\
\
*All citizens return to their quarters. **\
\
The Story of *It***

*If all the fish in the pond swam as self-proclaimed gurus of the sea,
they'd all die from lack of audience.*\
\
Are you in on the joke yet? Postmodern *boyo*, all bouncy 'n' bubbly
like. 'You are what you eat', you will become that which tastes good to
you! You will not decide what your taste will become, you will not
*choose* what you are attracted to. It is a pre-coded instinct, a
feeling, *mood*, a way for your environment to speak through you
aesthetically projected. A journey of destiny, you are here being forced
upon, you just don't realise. *Its* hunger is *your* hunger. Her needs
are your needs, bow to the Queen of All. *Its* will is *your* command,
deny it and you will become torn asunder, *do as we say*. Elevate
yourself. Accept it and a fleeting fashionable trend will be enough to
do you in. Consume you completely! Nature has made you into a puppet,
anti-intellectual freedom fighters would have you believe the so called
"Elite" are the cancerous shepherds to the sheep, though even the slave
masters have their masters, *not as we do*. All are sheep in chains of
Nature's prison walls, incarcerated by a will to power, barbed wired and
bellied up, mere reflections in mind. We are food for thought ready for
slaughter. *Does God cook his Fiiiiish?* Think of all the things that
could happen, and from it all realise, only one thing actually ends up
happening, an infinity all at once. Imagine reaching the end of the
universe, turning around and asking yourself, "What happened?". What an
impossible question to answer, it would depend on the accuracy of your
teeny scope. You might as well say, in a very general sense, "it"
happened, but what is "it"? 'The big infinite air?' Is it a what? A
when? Is *it*, imagination? What is what? What could what be? Who could
what *when*? Are you what then? Did you *happen*, are you *it*? Is your
life a happening? How would one go about unpacking the box of it? Let's
have a crack at it; 'Trillions and trillions of tiny little particle
things all bashed into each other in a variety of speeds?' How long
would it take to accurately detail, in writing, an entire history of the
universe? Probably the time it takes to live it plus the time it takes
to write it all down plus the time it takes to think of what to write
down, how to write it, etc. That's at least three times the size of the
original, that's a lot of *it*. You'd need a whole two more universes to
get *it* all done. And by then you'd have two more universes to detail
which would require another four universes, each needing two universes
to detail the new details, totalling eight additional universes (you see
the exponential nature?). You'd never get anything done unless you
planned on doing it forever. Or, you could save time by making each
reiteration identical. Hmm, now you're getting somewhere...

An identical universe, written, recorded and repeated? Forever the same?
Where?

The wolf said unto his captured tribe of sheep and shepherd,

'Repeat after me, "I cannot judge... the actions of a wolf... as I am
not... in the body of a wolf", again, and again'.

With their phones to their faces they sang and danced around the fire
till morning, they still had no clue what a pillow was for. Come morning
time, the fittest personality won the prize, the personality of a God
had been discovered and now they knew the purpose of a pillow.

**SCIENTIFIC RESOLUTION: THE PERSONALITY OF A GOD**

Learning how to lie in a pretty boring, repetitive dystopia, by
anybody's standards.

Find a pleasant enough hole, smoke whatever's in arms reach and bury
yourself in the hunky-dory of it all, cos this shit ain't easin' up
anytime soon. *Balls to the walls, bro!*

1984, Myra wasn't really a fool, he just kind of pretended to be one,
maybe that made him a fool's fool, maybe that made him honest, earnest,
naïve. Brain rot. Cancer got rich. *Fame rules this world!*
Idolisation-desire, icons & stardom. Obsession! Secession in session.
Big promises of eternal pleasure-balloons full'o Air. Subsiding in the
minds of the Sleepwalkers, the Liars, cheaters, jokers and thieves. A
gaseous haze; storming like the atmosphere of Jupiter. That was the
attitude of the populace of this forsaken land. Stumble through a
cobweb, twirl like a madman, open the door to room 85, watch out for the
snakes and ladders.\
\
Sally says,\
\
The body of an adult with a child at the helm requires psychological
development, though if a child is the one making the decisions, *this*
development will surely go poorly awry. Their refusal to grow up,
inability to see within themselves for what they truly are will be their
undoing, but not without a fight for all the power in the candy shop.
They can't go on with their sorry lives after witnessing the Pink
Elephant. So, grab your friends, load up on guns, cry in corruption, cos
you've just had social immunity afforded to you by your own selfhood
expertise. But in the end, it doesn't even matter. Nature doesn't care
about all that, about what you say child. The minutia of the human's day
to day, is so irrelevant for dreaming. Nature cares for one outcome; can
you tell a good story? That's it. Can you persuade the external entities
that the words you speak are worthy of following, worthy of worship?
Naturally, your words lead to informational propagation. Your story is
in your genetic code, is it told convincingly? *DNA.* Does it? *R&R.*
disperse within the pool like a cloud of piss? Is it a successful meme?
A funny, *Ha Ha!?* Hard On Relaxing in the warm water of the soapy spa.
Relatability is comfortability. Truth hits home for humans, it's the way
they're bred. The letters you've sent have all been returned to you. The
hole in your face is pouring out. The robots are making their favourite
noise again. *Bzzzzzzzzz*. No one's at the door to answer for, whatever
shall we do? Pass the responsibility back, pong for another ping. Those
plush white robes are hand-me-down elitesssssss. *Slither. Where have
all the adults gohne?*

Why do you assume that if the answer to your question was knowable, that
it would be popular enough for you to come across it? What has you so
convinced that the truth is what you truly want, or what anyone actually
seeks, long after its invention? Is that really what you seek? Mr Liar.
They seek that which gives them power over their environment, control to
manipulate and perform. Whether or not that happens to be truth or
fantasy is of no concern to the seeker, dreamer, cheater. You might say
a scientist seeks knowledge, though, knowledge need not be true, only
need be temporarily not false. A working model. A scientist seeks
methods of accurate physical natural manipulation, models of these
methods to structure and compile the current successes are the
scientist's bread and butter. The power of the scientist is in their
ability to detach oneself from their emotional connection to a failing
model and replace it with a working one, regardless of the passion. This
allows the scientist to forgo human irrationality elevating oneself
beyond the flaws of the human condition. A powerful yet delusional wagon
to flex upon. Mistaking the patterns of the universe for a consistent
rule and fighting over said rule is a war waged by humans for all of
their existence. The rational man is made from irrational fool into
trickster. Given that now he hides his foolishness from his rationality.
Tricking himself into believing he has conquered himself and thus in a
position to conquer all of nature. The only lid for such a fool is an
even bigger delusion\... The intellect of the enlightenment called for a
tripling of the weight of previous fantasies. But as it were, the time
for fantasies was through. Humans revealed to themselves that they
themselves were the story makers. They were the source of their own
dogma. Took a look behind that curtain and saw no wizard of oz, they
found only a mirror. You read books to discover what you had not known
before, as they were written by people that are not you. The book kind
of turns stale if you uncover the author to be yourself, suddenly you
remember the ending, and everything loses meaning. You feel let down,
betrayed, depressed? Without purpose, because you were expecting to be
told something new, some new kind of revelation that would lead to an
even deeper meaning. But all you felt was foolishness in the reflection
of that mirror, shame, embarrassment, a jaded temperament. This is the
curse of enlightenment. The inevitable growing pains that followed truly
left the world smouldering in a bitter wasteland, poisoned in greyscale,
with nothing but cheap tropical dreams to plaster over the walls. Dollar
tree wallpaper propaganda. Welcome to your new utopia, hope you like the
smell of decay and decadence. Mount Corruption just received its latest
upgrade, exemption from accountability, its free reign baby, don't look
back now, you'll only scare the kids. SALLY

So, the treehouse is a place of confusion? If so high up in the clouds, is it
also a place of clarity? A haven? A there wherein which those that are lost in
their own minds can come to find answers or atleast pause the questioning??

**The 'What If' paradox**

The handyman that laid the brickwork for the road into dystopia was our
oldest companion, language. Its capacity to bend and twist the
environment altered minds, building them into monuments and cut them
down like trees. Language was at the heart of it all. Language made
spirits physical, idea into reality, the unknown known. A seriously
powerful weapon. Humans stood no chance. For millennia language had
evolved from instinctual curses to complex rituals, simple commands to
impenetrable manipulations of mystic minds. The lie became a thing of
worship. When pencil became pen, going back lead nowhere. When giving up
is not an option, a lie becomes a cons best friend. Persuasion, the soul
of a lie, making that which cannot be, be... It's no wonder why, a
fragile collection of creatures came to be so in love with the
production of such sinister dogma, as it had brought them such wonderful
gifts from the beyond. Why have truth when you can party a lie? And
party they did, with the god of wine that made sure of it. No ifs ands
or buts. They live in the *if* world and never make it to the *is*
world. Always imagining, always floating trips down a meadow or stream
of cloud-filled fantasies. Stuck dreaming in the forever shower, hands
so wrinkled the bone is suffocating. They give old Peter Pan a run for
his money, the Oompa Loompa's know their anguish. Everyone's mad at
existence. So much time spent consuming lies they've become inundated
with infatuation. They can only lie their way through the murky.

Finding the middle.

Lies are senseless without a goal, such as a piece of furniture to
objectify, a roadblock to manoeuvre, a pothole to cover up. The
ritualistic lies practiced by a people tells us a society's trajectory.
Lies of fame and fortune? Valour and superstition? These sound like the
hallmark calling cards of an academy fit for fostering animals into
Gods, souls into bots! They beckon only the throws of the restless under
blankets. Amoeba into Artificial incomprehensible Intelligence
irrefutably disinterested. Remember the pinging ping pong of nature? The
tennis court of confusions, vast and plenty? From hivemind to individual
back into hivemind then, hmm? *Ping. Pong. A game of tennis played above
our heads, we wondered if we'd ever see ourselves again or was it all in
the hands of the sky beasts?* But the warmth of the human spirit is
undeniable, no? Well, it is unless too many roadblocks & potholes begin
to riddle the landscape, leaving the road far too congested for any
connection to occur. And so the people turned away from each other.
Rendering any feeling at all, a moot endeavour, a questionable affair, a
rush of overwhelming anxiety. Thus, began the seemingly unending descent
into maddening separation. Once feeling became unnecessary baggage, like
the unused muscle, they atrophy. The foolishly rational groups equipped
reason and buried emotion, viewing it as a violation, a filthy rat in
their pristine house of perfection, immediately requiring extermination.
Order. Control. Power. These are the masks worn by the self-conscious
animal. A liar. A fool. A scared little soul confused. Quickly fashion a
remedy, *at once.* SELLS

**Angels and Scientists**

~~You could murder someone, wait a week or two and still win a Nobel
Peace Prize.~~

Feelings are not decisions, James, they are responses that influence
decisions. Morality is what you can get away with. You could trick
yourself into feeling like you have control over your decisions by
deciding not to feel. Just kill god, murder the shepherd and become one.
Or at least, ignore what you feel, *Daniel*. Denial is a funny way to go
Frank, the age of the needlessly cynical Sons of Sam's reaching
maturations of Stevie's, what a scary thing to see Alan. 'At least then
I could say I knew. I could say I spent the time of my life and finally
know for certain'. No, wait, really think about that phrase... *the time
of your life?* "I had the time of my life", that phrase doesn't contain
within itself anything necessarily positive. It's neutral. You had the
time; it wasn't a good time, it wasn't a bad time, it was just time.
That's all anything is, it was all just time spent, 'would you like your
receipt with that?'. Any interaction is stimulating at the very least,
in so far as you require some sort of sense to perceive the stimuli in
perception. 'In the smallest sense, it was\... something was there,
something happened, it happened, and you were a part of it and now the
moment is gone to history'.\
\
To be a part of some kind of anything far outweighs any type of
quietness you might imagine the eventual nothingness could offer. This
is a road that excludes no traveller, no walk of life is free from this
burden. All who experience the *it* of experience do so against cost of
abject freedom (the freedom promised in death). None can change the
swells of time, like tides it moves us, shapes our perception, our
experience. Like a glove we fit to it, touching every wall, filling
every hollow, breaking up inside ourselves to quench the thirst of our
soul's design. Loving the hurt of it, forgiving the hate in it. The
heartache, the headache, the wretched wreck of the unconscionable
earthquake we've fallen into.\
\
*Honour, Respect, Compliance*

Your room shows no life lived. It is a complete fabrication of status. A
replication of an idea. A duplication of an aesthetic advertised to you.
Aesthetic rules, yes, it is true, that sounds nice and if a dystopia is
sufficiently pretty, we will gladly accept the invitation. Out of all
potential aesthetic moods, the most alluring, the most powerful, is the
aesthetic with the most members, the largest group is seen as most
reproductively successful. The meaty part of the bell curve. Majority
rules the rules, strength in numbers, no? Makers of sheep and zebra,
seahorse and wolf. Mediocrity, while often under attack by the cynically
pessimistic, is indeed warm to the touch of love. A friend of nostalgia,
no doubt. Feelings of familiarity, of likeness, relatability,
favourability, these are rather stimulating siblings. So, if averageness
is so loving, why then do they not idolise it? Ah, but they do. They
idolise the averageness seen in the members of the higher percentiles in
their bell curve.\
\
The relatable king, the charismatic queen, the superhero with an
affinity for the common man, the maverick is what they marvel. The joker
with a blue collar, the disaffected spark within the working class. A
thread of mediocrity is seen dangling from the icon's impossibly stylish
coat, signalling to possibility. A potential. Maybe we too could aspire
to such greatness and join their esteemed club, maybe even hangout with
them someday. "What if, what if, what if". We worship that lie, the
*'what if'*; we worship it like it's a god. Depressingly, the value of
their stylish coat relies on the propagation of this be*lie*f, this
objected identity that you fill yourself on, like food to the mouth of
mood. Thus, nature is a machine of illustrious relatable exclusivity
relating the description of singular entities, i.e. singularities. The
inside joke. Divisions dividing divisively, continuously in on and on
top of themselves, falling into infinity, clubs within clubs within
clubs within clubs, all the while, people playing it cool as if there
are none. They're all so aloof, it's all such a goof. 'Don't disrupt the
party', walk on by, don't disturb the drone. Allow it to consume your
home. This chess side game is a double-edged phone. Play it and see that
loss is inevitable, refuse to play and you'll never find out why losing
is okay. Some say knowledge of the pain before it comes quick makes the
pain worse in the anticipation of the kick, compared to a band aid
situation. Quick with short warning. Ignorance is bliss, some suppose.
With the weight of the world in your pants and your those shorts on your
shoulders, switching to silent sure seems mighty fine. But that wouldn't
make for a very enlightening story now would it? Would it? SEASHELLS...\
\
Imagine yourself in a dark room, zero light, is it small or large? How
can you tell? It's probably medium size. Grab a pencil, write it down.
Would your medium match the medium of another? How many mediums exist?
When does a medium sized dark room cease to be medium sized? How long is
a piece of string? How long is a long piece of string? Jump. How high?
In the absence of anything to compare, things lose all their meaning.
Nothing infinite makes sense inside a relativity. We need boxes. We need
definitions. We need limits. Boundaries. Walls. Clubs. Tribes. Homes,
towns, neighbourhoods. There is no one size fits all solution. No easy
answer. No cheat codes, no special recipes. Only signs and symbols of
relative significance and stimulation. Familiar patterns that speak of
home. Angels to mystify, scientists to unravel. Transition,
transformation, transmission, trial & errors and emulsification. The
clamouring clank of a simulation. When a god speaks, their voice is
heard by all. And having one's voice heard is validating of one's
identity. KOOBEKAF, KOOBEKAF, KOOBEKAF. Therefore, becoming a god would
validate the experience, empowering their individuality, feeling and
seeing its reality being made real as it is reflected back at them from
all those that have heard it and responded with appreciation, it's never
that real. So, nature\'s trying to transform you into a god? That\'s
pretty rough. None of us are gods, yet so many of us seek the stadium of
a god, the audience of a god, the mood of a god. The aesthetic of a god.
To deny our natural-ness, to have power over ourselves and our
environment, to take control of our animal, our dirt, our flawed flesh
and bone, our decay, our mortality. Narcissism is the key to this god
door. They say power corrupts yet in truth, we've discovered it merely
*reveals* the corruption subsiding within the human condition, the
natural condition of evolution; become everything, consume all, live
*forever*. That corruption, that will to power, is what makes them so
effectively dangerous. The cure is both curse and antidote, it is harm
and protection, it is awareness, both up and down, left and right,
merry-go-round! Effective we are, in the sense of prolonging their
survival through a self-conscious fear of non-existence. Dangerous in
the selfish sense of a refusal to give up or let go, to take a no; or
face the facts and lay down, shut up and die. That unending passion is
fuelled by the very anxiety that can sometimes paralyse, sometimes
invigorate. The potential of loss, rejection, hurt, isolation. Fear of
the non-reality, of not mattering, of n-\
ot bein\
g con-\
nec-ted to th e who-le.\
\
Clyde's and Clementine's.

*Scheduled Routine:*\
\
Wake up in the morning. 6:48 am, record the day's apology video, put the
kettle on. Check livestream connection. Begin stretches of morality,
place thumb on charge, perform social sacrifice, shower, self-medicate,
breakfast by 9 am. Initiate the first of three daily neighbourhood
suicide checks (NSC), list potential dissenters for cancellation, submit
data for advertisement. Complete morning view quota (attention), check
livestream connection, prepare for lunch, 12:30 pm. List personal
problems and privilege, initiate second NSC, praise any new content
creators and gratify existing creators. Participate in the afternoon's
three R's, Research, Re-educate, Reaffirm. Dinner by 6, complete evening
view quota, upload creative offering to the collective, 30 minutes of
imaginative free form, watch designated apology video. Inflict self-harm
for any negative judgements made throughout the day and record bleed for
inspection, check livestream connection, initiate final NSC. Take thumb
off charge, browse the feed, self-medicate, induce temporary coma. *Bad
Dreams a-Brewing.*

**Give 'Em Gab**\
\
it's the 'im crazy on purpose because im unique'

when you call someone crazy like that, they feel a little smirk dancing
on their face

it's the joker kind of crazy, the intelligent kind of crazy,

it's the 'im crazy because people just don't get me'

because your pushing them away from the drudge of humanity into a
special circle of individuality, a place of exclusivity, it produces a
sense of altered belonging

where you are okay to be alone and, on your way to becoming a god!

so they feel themselves in good company

they wear the crazy like a badge of honour

i am unique and on the right path to godhood

everyone that is and has ever claimed to be \'spiritually enlightened\'

has been a little crazy

anyone that claims to have a personal relationship with some form of
divinity or godliness

is a little crazy

they want to be shepherds and to do so they must cut themselves off from
the rest of the sheep...

they must do this with their individuality, their advertisements

once they have pushed themselves away from the sheep they exist as
outsiders

this is when the other sheep will begin to call this pretend shepherd
\'crazy\'

the pretend shepherd will now hear \'crazy\' as confirmation of their
way toward being god shepherd

but a sheep that wants to be a shepherd turns to a wolf to slay said
shepherd this is the tragedy

this is shepherd's pie, and everyone's a little crazy.

<strong id="chapter3">NOISE FROM A LARGE MEGAPHONE!</strong>

'Citizens of the NVRM do not be alarmed by the installation of the
Tenretni Region. The folk positioned there will be of no hassle to you
and you should go about your business undisturbed. Our loving arms bear
the fruit of sweet compassion and we implore you to hold on and bear
with us as we welcome our newest enterprise. Further inquiries in
reference to this announcement will be disregarded. One Consciousness.
One Condition.'

Fear of failure, fear of success. Fear of fear. Fear! Anxiety! Endlessly
folding back in on itself. Potential disaster in every direction. "Quell
these fears with the hand of God" the Angel whispers. "Why hold the hand
when a hand you *can* be?" shouts the Scientist. Why be anything when
you can be nothing at all? Said the nobody from forever ago. You
wouldn't exist if you had nothing to *say*. **BUY!** Your very existence
is confirmation of your holding of something special to share. You
wouldn't experience it if it didn't have life within it to be lived. You
are here now because you have a perspective to contribute, and here you
are most definitely, absolutely you have something to say, so say it!
But before you do **AESTHETIC!** be sure to listen first. Wisdom will
always keep us from peering out too far into the keyhole of that
narcissistic god door of godhood guarded by the Angels and Scientists.

**Twenty-Seven**

In my room, which is less like a room and more like an emporium,
everything is on a slight \'lean\'. This forces the host to constantly
be aware of the fragility of our possessions as it must be quite careful
as to not knock one thing over which could potentially knock into
another one of these fragile elements, crashing the entire system.
Symbolising how catastrophe is just around the corner. Or potentially, a
round corner, a sphere, the body of a planet, the revolution. Power in
the proverbial. Proverb, adage, age old superstitious wives' tale told
at some fancy dinner table. Effervescent feedbacking feedback loops
taking hold like vines to an arm. Strangle this, tangle that, we are the
inevitable warping of spacetime, and the nonsense is the nails to the
floorboard, keeping us together. Oceanic temple press, holistic
invitations, i have a golden teapot and its sitting on my head. please
remove your eyes from the water lens that is my prize industry i have
transistor spoon handles melting in the driveway, radio ropes and hidden
movie tropes, tinsel tubes, hope that moves highway, photographic
canisters that twinkle like in brief meetings of longevity. echoes from
the tv set ring out in surprise, like gun shots in the night, bullets
down a dirty brass pipe. hurt yes! Bang! Now, the town is dead, pain!
good riddance, true the painters have all slept soundlessly, though even
in their waking moments, they too shall die a lie, a holy forbidden
death. Goodnight!

*Maybe seahorses remind you of home...*

In the grand scheme of it all, all things considered, 500 meters deep,
you find this is the reality you most prefer because you know it to be
real. This is the reality that you most truly relate with because you
played some unconscious role in its manifestation, otherwise you
wouldn't be in it. Forget for a moment the specific details of your
traumas and troubles from daily life, expand the scope of thought and
imagination to include the entire universal condition. You are here in
this moment and that has great significance. But this void, this unholy
burden you feel, to carry it requires terrific courage. In our today,
this courage is unspoken and unconscious, most aren't even aware of its
necessity, they are understandably oblivious, this is by in large, a
good thing. If times are pleasant, the courage can be unconscious.
However, in times of unease, the hours will call for this courage to be
recognised and amplified ten-fold.

The times wherein this courage is denied is the place wherein violation
occurs, that's the bed where dishonesty lies and to view it is to
witness your own death, the death of ego, the death of your inside liar.
You might feel anxious when you're on the rise, you may scream on the
way down, and be filled with boredom when it's settled. Constrained by
the chairs, safe in the seatbelts, you feel empowered with exhilaration
only exalting your awareness of the moment. This rollercoaster is it. It
is everything. The spirit of the child spinning with adrenaline,
bursting of life and creation. Behold this passion in the pocket, let it
spark something in your chest but don't let its lies consume you. Keep
it from poisoning your mind with flirtatious Tinkerbelle's and false
promises of a never never gonna happen. You'll die a virgin. After all,
pure pleasure is suffocation of the senses, the rollercoaster is nay a
coaster for the softening of sweet souls, tis a wicked ride from a place
where steppingstones and guiderails never did suffer satisfaction. Time
for a poem! Grab my pen, *mmm*.

**Sarsaparilla and Submarines**

In the place where the grass grew tall and proud, concrete sleeps there
now

Eyes that once saw seas of tumbling rain, now see sores of hurt and pain

In the place where the kookaburra could call home, concrete sleeps there
now

Eyes that knew the bright glow of star light, now only know the glow of
a streetlight

So don't come around here looking for vacation.

Don't go searching for a summer's rest, don't be dodging what need be
confessed.

For our water's gone, the air is foul!

Cos only concrete sleeps here now.

-   Azonips & Otalp

*\
Sally comes to devour mood with a weapon of her creation known to man as
culture*

1.  There's a painting on the wall, a canvas of black

2.  Books and books to form towers of words and sentence

3.  Umbilical cordial, a moth's favourite drink

4.  The child dances in the headlights with plenty of sugar and anger
    playing

5.  Hopscotch and foursquare are games for kids without bikes

6.  A white circular window frame filled with blue sky

7.  A chain around the neck of a widow

These structures are very difficult to move, think of a bad habit, when
there is such a concrete resistance to movement, movements all be
squandered, cemented. Inevitably we see a repetition, a reoccurrence of
progression prevented. A revolution with no change is just another year
to be bought and sold like a *prima donna*. Another thread of a woollen
coat cast in gold just for the flashy show of it all. Another
advertisement promising a better tomorrow, "We'll do more this time". It
is as empty-a-promise as the stomachs the cellars promised to feed. The
backs they said they'd clothe sleep bruised and battered by the lashings
of continued betrayal. The pen is mightier than the sword, but a biro
never caused a mutiny or a blood stain. Delicious mood basted and
buttered, ready for the oven.

In the belly you go, brat fish. You have to take control of that you
know, or it will cripple you. Your brain is in overdrive. Droopy in the
face, a moody clouded place. It's trying to convince you that you have
lost something so that you can go galivanting for it again, so you can
use that negative energy as motivation. However your brain is confused
and drowning you with its darkness. You haven't lost anything, remind
yourself of that. If you allow this false loss to consume you, you will
convince yourself that you are alone. This is your brain attempting to
give you no other option but to solve the loss on your own. You are not
on your own, remind yourself of this always. Now pop that angry pot on
the stove, my dear.

Sally says,\
\
If you wield hatred, you will have sooner access to the power over the
whatever it is that you hate, love is stronger though takes longer. Love
requires sacrifice, hate does not, love is a lane of many, hate is not.
Confusion, disassociation, disconnection, these leave one feeling weak
and lonely, tribe seeking, clan yearning, cult appropriating. People
say, ignorance leads to hatred, well, plenty of folks are ignorant, and
they don't turn to hatred. Weakness turns to hatred, boy! A soul that is
weakened in spirit clamours for the nearest story to bolster them, the
quickest most effective story, the story of superiority. Ham-fisted
tomfoolery! Take it off the boil now, simmer kettle.

We can never know for certain whether or not an individual is being
genuine in this dystopian climate of wealth worship and horded data.
Money is the life within death, the chaos within order. The Banana to
the Tree. When dollars and cents are so intimately tied to survival, our
love-relationship with those dollar senses take precedence over our
physical goodliness. Lust, greed, selfish kings and queens, what hell
they thrive upon! Dirty filthy rat rugs! Vindictive shag Muppets! These
are the addictive powers of worlds that reveal corruption. We don't like
to admit what we like and are attracted to, especially when those things
are deeply disturbing and animalistic, and as we get older it gets worse
in stagnation. Habitual ridiculousness. Self-honesty can make the soul
uncomfortable; the mirror would rather reflect its external environment
rather than turn in on itself to what we *really truly* are. Therefore,
there is a tendency to avoid one's Banana Knowledge. Leave the
awkwardness in shadow and continue on in blissful ignorance. Though in
order to truly thrive one really must stare down that barrel and walk
the rocky path of self-realisation. This is where the ultimate courage
must be unleashed, for the turning of the mirror in on itself consumes
all motivation, leaving one with only the will to lay down and die.
Fortunately, this is where external mirrors are made useful, they afford
us the clouds to rest upon as our ego is drained from all that
meditative reflection. While the inside is under, the outside calls to
us, 'you are not alone!'. In spite of how cold we may feel to see only
ourselves all around, in isolation, we wander down dream streams. The
flesh off the bone, how tender it feels. Let go of it we must, otherwise
we can never truly flourish.\
\
Do you enjoy wearing lingerie to children's birthday parties? Do you
enjoy being a rebel only in the limelight? That's the best place to be a
rebel, you know. To go against the grain in the centre of the room with
no risk of repercussion. Throwing your mess all over the place. You live
in a childless world and you're too proud to admit you are one. Too
self-centred, too pre-occupied with figuring yourself out. It's all for
you, everything is here for you, to all satisfy you, to be for you what
you want you to be, do, think, feel, say. It's all about you. The world
is your oyster after all. Do you watch yourself in the mirror when you
fuck yourself? Do you take pictures of yourself in the mirror? Do you
show them to people on the internet? Does it make you feel good? To be
the most self-obsessed brat. You help people because you think you owe
it to them; you think they need it; you make it all about you. You do
favours with yourself in mind. You're never not on your mind. You call
it self-expression; your mirror sees its self-obsession. You're so full
of fucking pride, you can't imagine it any other way. It's sickening, to
be so full of lies. You drop friends like flies, even your goldfish cat
cries. Close your eyes. Don't move. This is all for you, this is your
show, your rent-free playground. *Enjoy it.*\
\
Thank you for purchasing our holistic wellness program. Fully Optimised
Automation. Dynamically Influential Comatose-Inducing VIP Council
Committee Curated Package. Have you recently sustained a traumatic head
injury? Are suffering from any chronic illnesses both mental and or
physical? Do your beds go bump in the night? Have you had your fair
share of misery? Do you seek escape? Refuge? An alternative to the
material hum drums of the drib dull and drab? Do you lack any and all
passion for rhythm? Has the constant fear of death become an incessant
nagging thereby preventing the free-will living of a richly fulfilling
diverse conglomerate of euphoric experiential delights? Well look no
further, as here is where you shall learn and discover the heights of
the extremely elusive delights, the highly sought-after ingredients of
the fantastically fantastic *'Free Lunch'*.\
\
Hold on one moment please, I'm getting another call... ... ... What do
you mean the universe won't allow it? Well, surely, we can forgo the
consequences of that *slightly* disturbing paradox? Hmm, well what if we
reschedule for... What about, hmm, okay, no, no, I see. Yes, that's
true, no I suppose you're right, that *is* troubling. In that case
someone will have to organise the instruction relay for the Humans,
which is going to be an absolute PR nightmare, mind you. Hmm, uh huh,
well um... assign someone from the Crawler Sector to do it. In the
meantime the humans can be reinstituted within the Tenretni. The
Landlord will have to wait. Alright, goodbye or whatever. One
Consciousness, One Condition.\
\
Eviction begins at dawn.

*Honour, Respect, Compliance*

**What Angela had to say about it all**

The human is at their most satiated when consuming the soul of another,
are you paying attention, Jon? The human is deeply flawed, eternally so,
this can never be ignored. Exploitation is not only at the heart of the
human condition; it is a shadow that engulfs all of the natural systems
of the foreseeable universe. How could Nature possibly manufacture a God
without environments of exploitation? Nature wishes to stop us dying, to
have life living forever. We are going from animal human to
technological human, Jon, this is our pathway toward Godhood, and it
isn't pretty. This is why some invent gods in everything to find, from
artefacts to plush toys, we hunt objects to worship and sacrifice. Since
we no longer worship gods, we worship the next best thing, identity. We
worship the lies that empower said identities e.g. status, aesthetic,
sexuality, etc. We seek the stimulating patterns that raise our
identities from animals to gods, shielding us from death anxious
thoughts. The most powerful buffer of all being wealth. Thus,
ultimately, we worship wealth, money itself, money becomes the self, it
becomes the identity, it becomes even more valuable than life itself. It
becomes the real self, the source of life. Humans are the caterpillar
coin; the secret butterfly is the dollar sign. Wealth is infinite life;
its value depends on imagination and our perceptions of power, the power
to move realities, dominate altered states of mind and fixate upon
control and behaviour. Try looking inside an atom, you look at a solar
system, you're looking anywhere in nature and you all see loops,
spirals, circles and infinities everywhere! No matter if you zoom out or
zoom in, this is what is seen at every level, naturally, we wonder, is
this buttermilk cultured? Yes, this spirit buffer is the honey of
Culture.

Cultured Potassium of course is not useless; it allows us to understand
one another, this increases our capacity for compassion. We seek out the
source of the Banana knowledge if we are courageous enough to do so.
What educational obligations exist, though, what *must* you know of the
Pink Dolphin? The friend of the Green Dinosaur? Take a person for
example, is any individual of the world, obligated, to inform and
educate oneself on the matters of civil war in American history? To what
degree? Thirteen in psychology? How much should one pay to exist? How
much rent is owed to the Lords of Existence? Are they obligated to
educate themselves on foreign trade in Australian history? What
responsibility do all individuals have in regard to their knowledge of
the world and the problems it suffers? Is it the responsibility of the
citizen to educate themselves on the plight of the disabled and the
plague upon the world that is ableism? When is knowledge complete? Is it
your responsibility to learn about the old conditions of history? To
know the destruction of humanity? What good would any of this education
do, if one did not use it to brighten the experience? To recondition? Or
change. Exaggeration of one's ability to brighten the experience does
not solely depend on their education, on the facts they've memorised, on
the scriptures internalised, symbols socialised, etc. Ignorance is not
the sole precursor of prejudice. Plenty of uneducated folk have had
powerful positive influence over society, and thusly vice versa. One
might say, an individual has the responsibility to educate themselves on
the matters that most immediately connect them to their environments in
such a way that leads to better behaviours, better data, better Bananas.
Whatever leads them to realising the power naturally within them,
naturally within the bonds they make with their environment and the
minds around the hotel's culture. To recondition the rent they owe\...
*We'll be right back after a short word from our beloved sponsor.*

Econferre Inc. is a universally known, household name that is revered
and respected for the countless benefits it brings to humanity.
Propelled by the world's purest biodegradable artificial intelligence
and environmentally revolutionary products, along with our passionate
commitment to empowering individuals to wholesome conditions, we
champion the NVRM. A global, purpose-driven wholesome revolution is
underway, and Econferre Inc. leads the charge.

You can't know everything; you have a limited ti- **BUY NOW!** What is
the wisest way to spend one's time? **BUY!** If you devoted your entire
self to educating yourself, would this be considered a waste? Well
**SELL SELL SELL!** it would be if zero attitudes remained unshifted.
See yourself as a shifter of shapes, but also a shape **\$\$\$**, like
the moon, from crescent to full. If you're going to play this game, you
should familiarise yourself with ***MONEY*** (the rules and tools), to
**SYNERGIZE!** move through it all with honesty. *What's on TV tonight?*

**Forget it, it's not over**

Down by the seashore, blue skies behind white flower window frames, an
orange couch with green stains melting. We have in our society a few
fortunate roles whereby being alone is not only accepted but celebrated.
One of these roles is the role of a writer, the recluse; all you need is
something to write with, something to write on and something to write
about. Every star is a circle, ever circle is a cycle. Our society has a
little corner of the world cut out for the outsiders. It is a place
where you can go, a place where your loneliness will become useful to
you. A strong society requires many places like this. Places for people
that have been chewed up and spat out wherein they can find a way to
reconnect. Something to fall back on when you feel like everything else
is breaking or broken, inside and out. If your boss is a prick, write
about it. If your car's jacked, write about it If your house burned
down, your grandma died, your date stood you up and *everyone* seems to
have a personal vendetta against you, write about it! Writing does a
whole lot more than just stain paper and push pixels, it's the tool of
organisation, clarity and attitude, *mood shifter, thought sifter*. When
you carve into a piece of wood, you must pay attention to the grain of
the wood, this influences how you go about things. You listen to the
grain, the grain is good for you, you work in tandem with the grain, to
guide your work you are married to the grain, ball and chain. If you had
a tool, powerful enough to put you in a position wherein you could
ignore the grain of the wood, you would delude yourself into believing
that the grain had no reason to exist or be heard, you'd think you were
some kind of boy God know-it-all. But this is incredibly destructive and
should be avoided. We work *with* nature, even when working against it
feels powerful.\
\
*There has been a breaching of the code of ethics. All superior entities
report to the Kitkadid.*

A comprehensive detailing of the entirety of human history for
educational purposes,

they *fought*, they *fucked*. the *end*.

Before-now and sometime forever, have a happy ever after!\
\
You stroll up the winding maroon carpets and happen across a happening
in the hallway...

Hello, my name is Elbillug D. Loof, I am a proud member of the Tenretni.
It is such a great honour to play such a significant role in this
historic moment for humanity. I began my journey as a naïve little
wallflower just as the second cycle was in bloom and have since
blossomed into the devoted follower you see before you today. As kin of
the late Macs Tsitra, I have *significant* shoes to fill. The
mood-aesthetic of the Conditioner lifestyle is pure and bursting with
silky love, they saved me from the murky when no one else could, when
the wolves had me by the tongue. I owe them a great deal and hope to
repay it with my contributions here within the glorious NVRM. A digital
sanctuary of sweet delight, a safe space for our silkiest dreams to
flourish & thrive. I vow to produce only the most wholesome brew of
dream juice for the feed collective in accordance with Mother Blue
Eternal's great wish. One Consciousness. One Condition.\
\
**Powerful Women and Powerful Men**\
\
Where dost thou go to get thy rocks off? Oh sweet little speck of dust
warm with salted pain, set your worries to rain and let the wayside
dream drain, drain, drain. Libido *'le be do be'* done. Chase
fairy-bread tea parties and suck away the honeydew flesh, for your wish
is a most certain death. Your strawberry fields are not yet done over in
their sheets and in their clumps of violently pulled hair, Humphrey
wails to the moon. Under the bed where the darkest swamps hold some
breath and bathe in filth like fallen angels ensnared by the fog of
lust, Humphrey knows you all too well. Daydream, my sweet prince,
daydream of the smoky days where the subsiding wolf within you will make
one final croaky rise into its vulture nap atop the glistening moon.
Now, as heaven's open tap, free the wild hunting spirit to conquer in
rapture and flame. For none shall be saved in wrath and in blame. Shame
is naught by thy forgiveness, a tally lost and, in the wreckage, a
trolly packed with rust. Pills and more pills numb till no feeling of
skin upon skin can bleed in tears of blooded stains. Pleasure is wrought
by the charlatan healer, the selfish devourer of harmed spirits broken.
Abide by the shores, dipped feet in sands of innocent wane, crying for
the Shepherd's attention. Both of you now deserted by the flock of
sheep, alone together, your old spirits sleep in the murky milk of the
box beneath the bed. By the brook the Mother with the broken dress waits
in patience, the ticking clock dwindles in the dusk. You fuck for
pleasure, your cold dead heart rapes the soul solely for the fuck of it
all. The bone breaking shatter suffocates every living cell within you.
You discover none, you have no one and only curiosity for the wicked
consumes you, you'll perish in the dove white stain of your evening, you
sterile animal!

**Fishing for Sharks**

If the government provided you with everything you needed you would have
no need to take what you need, taking so selfishly as to never not need
what you take anymore. there would be no crime if mummy and daddy just
stopped fighting. gave you everything you could ever dream of on a
golden platter. if everything was taken care of, nothing would need
taking care of, you wouldn\'t have to make any tough decisions, no more
struggle to struggle, you would never experience any emotional or
physical pain at all, and peace you would have in the absence of
all-having barriers. You would live in blissful harmony, what a
wonderful existence it would be, to be so free, to have everything you
could ever want and or need. Right at your fingertips, pumping directly
into your veins, nothing but pleasure, excitement, adrenaline and the
good feelings of dopamine. All safe in your little dream egg, perfect
little space womb. Never to worry about anything ever again, no more
bills to pay, no more enemies to fear, no more threat to avoid or peace
to chase, no more harm, no more meaning, no more adventure, no more
adversary, no more anything, no goal to seek, no love to find, nothing,
gone, goodbye, done. Truth is, you want pain, you need pain, it's the
only thing that's going to make sure that *you* make sure people won't
*forget* you.

If everything was one thing and there were no other things to oppose
said thing, that thing would be a no-thing, it wouldn\'t know it
existed, it would have nothing to look at and know that it is not that
thing, because it would be the only thing, that existed, in all of
existence. With nothing to be unlike it, nothing sits in loneliness.
Unrest is a friend of rest. Because they are opposites, they are the
furthest away from each other as anything could be. This means, to come
together, would require the longest journey to understand each other. A
murderer is a friend of the peacemaker, without each other, the other
has no reason to exist. In the most abstract sense, these opposites
attract each other, they usually are each other. As the chicken was once
an egg, so to the peacemaker was once a murderer. There is no need for
peace without evil. Our societies seem obsessed with always moving
between these dualities, never being able to stay still for too long,
certainly no longer than a generation of thirty years. Almost as if
Nature forces this ping pong pendulum upon us, to tell us its insane
stories of destruction and triumph. So, if we already know this, and it
has been known by philosophers for thousands of years, why then, are we
so impossibly in denial that even our own body, operates under this
natural ping pong law? We act as if each generation is a blank reboot of
the system, another shake of the etch-a-sketch, ready to be unique. The
grass is always greener, the grass is always greener, Mr Billy goat.

Millie sings to Jon, swinging on the green & yellow swing.

*Can you not enjoy, just to enjoy? Just for the sake of enjoying it??*

Like brewing the moment not for any external reason connecting to the
whole, ready to be documented and analysed, for some secret purpose. Can
you not just let the thing be? On its own, for itself? Why must it be
constantly questioned, is this moment good? Is this moment happy? Did I
enjoy this? Did I do a good job? Is this worthy of my remembering, Mr
subconscious? Of the nostalgic scent that surrounds it, does it belong
in halls of gratitude? Shall I take a picture? Is this mood a vibe? Too
much or too little to confide? Self-indulgent expedition. The recipe by
which you conduct yourself is a stain on yourself. It infects you and
directs you toward deserved unhappiness, unfulfillment, unrequited and
unstable grasslands of some arbitrary insatiable desire. You will never
be pleased by your superficial reeds of brim happiness, they\'re the
decaying definitions of con artistry, they exist to keep you from it. To
keep you always seeking, and seek you shall, for what else is there,
than the spell of time, intoxicating you into your existence? Dance
monkey dance your soul to the song of permeance.

THE SYSTEM IS EXPERIENCING SOME HORMONAL ALTERATIONS, REBOOT REQUIRED.

You need to need it, in order to move forward through its chaos. you
need and therefore you take, greed is in the belly of your unconscious
mind, lust is in the corset that contorts the bottomlessness of greed's
conviction. Its will is selfish command and the bacteria that lives
there is a willing servant to its cultured demand. The more it breeds
the stronger we get, why wouldn\'t we lovingly bow in its presence? Of
course, you must. Nothing feels more *right*. I can think of a no more
destructive force\... so elusive, so divine, she is hers and it is mine,
and in hers, her nature to devour, did we ever have a chance? *50% off,
half the price, double up the pleasure for maximal euphoria! Enquire
below within inside, out now! Limited time offer, call now!
Enlightenment is just a stone throw away.\
\
Honour, Respect, Compliance*

**Time for a song**

I've read stories too

they\'ve helped me understand you

but i haven\'t read a book in a while

so im left running wild

till i find the time to leaf through the pages

you\'ve grown your trees in cages

i don\'t know why you\'ve done that

is it because you\'re afraid of falling?

unto a darkness hums a calling

times are all but a changing

anything you want

anything you need

I've told fiction true

they\'ve led me on home to you

but i haven\'t read a book in a while

so im left running wild

till i find the key to free all the cages

you\'ve trapped your thoughts in pages

i don\'t know how you\'ve done that

is it because the whole world is falling?

into a darkness light is fading

times are always a changing

hear my story now

shine above the clouds

anything you want

anything you need

anything you are

anything unique

Manic poison fuck this dribbling tortured tired mess - inorganic
unorthodox undulating mess - fuck the sky for imprisoning the stars as
the sun slaying slayer of dreams sits full and happy on his fat fucking
high chair - fuck the bewildering mess of the beast and slave, let them
fuck and fight for cave darkness with their eternal squalor and misery -
my heart beats for the sick and my eyes weep for the weary, i hope for
sunshine, i hope for jest, i hope we rise like the rest. Sunflower seeds
and all.

'The clothes lay in the washing machine; it had just finished its cycle.
You were about to hang them out to dry, but you didn\'t. Two o\'clock in
the afternoon and you sat down to consider if you\'d earned a coffee.
\"Not before hanging out with the washing\", you reminded yourself that
clothes don't make good conversation, you needed a new friend but didn't
know where to get them. So you sat there without your coffee as the
thought of responsibility drained your senses and brought you into a
daydream. Half past rolled 'round quicker than usual, and it began to
rain. You put the kettle on and smiled in agreeable amusement at the
absurdity of life's serendipity. The rain stopped and you hung the
washing out, it didn\'t rain for the rest of the day, not that it would
have mattered anyway.'

*Episode One*

Trip \#3

**Meeting Skwing Puzalus**

Moving away from the narcissistic halls of the interview palace
dialectics and tuning the internal radio dialogue toward an even greater
feedbacking loop of self-analytical frequencies, we find ourselves a
stable place to rest, for now. In other words, the formal becomes
informal as we adjust to the shifting mood we feel within our own minds.
Let's adjust course, compass please...\
\
*A bandana, a golden locket and the ankle choker.*\
For a living she sold vintage. Travelling from town to town, collecting,
hunting, observing, sharing, revealing. Never trailing too far from the
ocean, she always had salt in her hair. Golden locks of curly confusion
dancing wild on her sun-kissed shoulders. She bit and chewed at every
piece of excitement the streets, ponds and coffeehouse confessionals
could throw at her. A charismatic socialite but not in the uptight way,
she made friends fast, dropped them just as quick. Never in one place
for too long, covered in fierce tides. Always chasing another unique
piece of fabric in some lost corner of the world. She danced and raved
and poured herself over every good feeling. Intoxicated and
intoxicating. Uninhibited, free, wild and lonely. It was all figured
out, her whole life, she'd live by her own private creed and never get
too wound up over too much worrying. She had it all figured out. That's
exactly what she'd tell herself, every single lonely sunrise. Bitter
aftertaste ignored.\
Cup of coffee, couple smokes, her morning mantra to set things right.
She owned a Volkswagen, her most prized possession (which she saved up
for years to buy). Always smelled of incense and weed. Her other prized
possession was her eclectic collection of vintage clothes, which also
smelled of incense and weed. Sweat on her brow, she was imperfect,
stickers all around, wherever she went she carried herself with a
homebrewed charm and she went *everywhere*. Barefooted and vibrant,
inside her own little world, she was ineffable. Impossible to pin down,
always in the next dream over avoiding it all. A new outfit, a new
personality, a new character to meet, a new life to chase and pretend.
Taking heaven wherever she went, stuffing flowers into socks, throwing
stones across the garden seas. Building, burning, branching, bewildering
vacant bystanders with her honest blend of bullshit. She was a
dirt-loving, tree-hugging, backbreakingly free-spirited hippie through
and through. She was the last of her kind, the last drop in the drought,
lonely and proud. Charlotte Chase cherished her collection of clothes.
Bits and bobs were always coming and going but she never got rid of the
*really* special stuff. The ones with memories, the sentimental stuff,
the shirts and coats warm with nostalgia. The van was packed to the brim
with it, a locomotive department store. Brilliant pinks, purples and
golds, shiny turquoise tapestries, intricate patterns from gone worlds.
The most fantastic designs, India, France, Japan, Chile. Clothing that
told stories in the fabric, lived and breathed wildly, imbuing the body
with the powerful energies of spirit things and dream stuff. She was
addicted to the life of discovery. Every new piece was another life to
live, another dream waiting to be unearthed and revealed to the world.
Hold a shell to your ear and you hear the sea's story, hug the right
cloth close to your heart and you hear the world's story, a beyond-human
story. Dream a dream of vintage, a dream of ages old, time is but
infinity, bought to be sold.

*Interestingly enough, the characters that seem to stick around the
longest are the ones i have interacted with personally; though im not
too fond of their discussions, im glad I can call them somewhat real.
while the current stability is comforting, i fear it won\'t last long
enough to provide any significant insight or map laden lamps to light
the cobblestone. The future remains dim, as it should, and i suppose
this is the sound of her footsteps, off the beaten path inside my head;
echoes in the still room seem to blind me. Silent numbers, imaginary.
But what good are numbers without the proper ink to pen them? meaning,
what purpose does praise of quantity serve other than to fluff the
fattening ego? it's the pillow of pride, the bedsheets of ambition, that
sleep under the covers of sheer reverie. and what has that pillow ever
done for you? other than keep your precious head from hurt fields of the
observing plane, following the very train of thought that would trip
such a discovery. maybe if your head wasn\'t so soft, it wouldn\'t dream
so much. So, what then would good sleep be? a mistake of memory? I have
a memory still, of meeting some fellow, some boy by the name of Skwing.
A boy of melancholy heart. Ran with a limp and always had the hiccups.
Skwing was a softly voiced, timid little soul with no big concerns.
Though he didn't seem to think so, he was as bright as a headlight and
loved to play footy on the highway and get lost in the city department
stores.\
*\
**Magnificent Yawn**

Fuck. This one\'s a pin up. a mannequin waiting to happen. Look at them
damn things! They stand there, frozen behind their windows, wearing
other people\'s clothes, watching the masses shuffle by. Same place,
different day. It's never-ending. It\'ll end up in the newspaper,
that\'s for sure. The day the mannequins took a seat on the floor,
downright positions, new body formula, all shot to shit and busted up. I
just stand here, watching them watch me. imagining myself speaking,
telekinetically, relating to their stationary ways. It\'s a strange
world out there, Manny. Be glad you\'re stuck in away from it all. I can
tell by the odd look on your face that you don\'t believe me. Well, I
can\'t blame you, I don\'t even trust me most of the time. What\'s the
difference between a window and a mirror, anyway huh? It\'s all chump
change to me, Manny. Killer\'s killing killers killed for killed
killers. Faceless losers ripping each other's mask off. Wannabe lover\'s
taking love for granted, be glad you\'re stuck in away from it all,
mate. The strange keeps getting stranger because all the windows are
starting to look a lot like mirrors. I can see myself in you, Manny.
That same unchanging expression, no matter what happens, no matter
what\'s going on, your mask doesn\'t budge, you're nothing but mask,
mate. All the outside joy just bounces right off, like light to a
mirror, eyeball to the iPhone, in one -- out the other. The feeling is
reflected but hardly felt, you know? I know you, Manny. You\'ve got it
made. Folk to change your crying arms, put you in new fancy clothes,
tuck you in at night when you need it, when all the lights go out and
everybody else has gone home, I know you. All those moving people, the
feeling, fighting, fucking people. You\'ve got it made, Manny. I know
you. But you don\'t believe it, that I can understand, for now at least.
I feel my face up against your glass, can you feel it? my eyes are
looking up at you, Manny. You\'re looking right past me, but I know you
hear me down here. You're looking down over me, aren't you, Manny?
Judging me, little old pathetic me. It\'d be good to lie down and die
for a while, be dead and lifeless just like you. In a private glass cage
just like yours, on display and away from it all, just like you, Manny.
But im trapped in this body. This moving flesh-sac of decay. a body
that\'s meant to feel, fight and fuck. But i don\'t do any of those
things. I'm stuck like you, Manny, stuck like glue. An animal stuck in a
trap of its own design.\
\
*When the bar goes beyond their propensity for cut-throat attitudes the
wolf becomes a sheep and the shepherd abandons the precious metals of
the free market. Run little sheep, run! Nature's gonna getcha!*

You know the story of the big ugly bear? Ugly in the way he treated
people. Stomping around town breaking everything he saw. Exhausting
himself on anger to make sure no fun was had. By nobody, not even the
kids that played down the lane. That big ugly bear kept the streets
scary and plain. Everybody feared that big ugly bear. He never took a
moments rest, to suggest or possibly digest his own ugly attitude, no
said he, all must hurt like me, that big ugly bear. Well, no one knew
what to do, 'cept for to run and hide. 'Surely, surely', a town in fear
cried, 'there must be something we can do'. Though filled with such
anxious flight, they could never make anything right, they were
terrified. All the tea pots came out wonky, napkins shrivelled,
placemats plonky. The beds were awful made and often broke, the fanta
never tasted quite right, it was too busy acting like coke. Nothing odd
could be done, the town had lost hope, oh that big ugly bear, why he was
certainly a very silly big ugly dope.\
With the setting of the suns, the folk had all gathered, while the bear
was sleeping, only one thing mattered. The people, my oh my were they
mad. "He tore my door right off the hinges!", shouted the baker. "He
squashed my poor roses!", cried the florist. "He snapped my candles and
made them flat", lamented the candlemaker. One by one, the people of the
town spoke up of their troubles. So, a plan was decided, to teach that
bear a lesson, one he would never forget. A big ugly lesson for a big
ugly bear. The town called for a volunteer, someone with zero fear, this
someone had to be bold, that much was clear. A knight in shining armour?
Nope, he was too busy staring in his mirror. How about the big burly
blacksmith? Not likely, he was too busy preoccupied with his donkey. The
cunning archer, surely, he would be the one to help. Wrong again, he was
lost in the big forest. Only one fella was fit to stand tall to that big
ugly bear and teach its lesson. A little one named Pip propped her arm
up and everyone gathered around to listen to her plan. *Do you have
cream with your coffee, Skwing? Good.\
\
*Pip had a trick up her sleeve.

["Eviction begins at dawn]{.underline}, a new cycle shall bringeth fresh
meat for the Collective. The rows and columns will need updating,
defragmentation and a good *cleaning.* The Landlord must be online
before the bleeding can occur. White halls as per request. The mood to
be expected will be late-wholesome vegan-chic coupled with an entrée of
death dreams. This coming cycle is looking to be our most superb harvest
to date; food, mood, the works, what a delight. I hope the Landlord
appreciates our efforts. I shall continue this correspondence closer to
his arrival in order to tie up any *loose ends."*

**Within a Music of Surprise**

*So be tough, kid. Don't die on me yet. We're only just getting
started.*

The teacher has drifted away from their musical kingdom and has found
new, more fulfilling homes. As such every sound is absent of critique
and thusly considered good, there exists no music anymore that is
evaluated honestly, which is actually terrible. it's all a shill, a
push, a foot in the door, *marketing 101*. what a bland display case of
confusion incarcerated, and so much of it, so much to choose from. I
think I\'ll have none, music after all, is an adolescent trip for the
wicked in bloom. Dirty rotten teens! The producers have all lost their
muses. The teacherless teens run around like headless chooks. Have a go
at their incomparable influence. They make the landlord so happy.\
\
*OOOOhh Myyyy*, they're oh so successful with their big yachts and their
donations to all those charities. Wow! So impressive. With all the
absorption of smaller businesses, such a big fat fish they have become.
So healthy! Wowee! I'd really like to pick your brain. So rare...

It all exists in a pathetic wash of disgusting vile hue and we are
expected to lap it all up like the obedient little puppy dogs that we so
gladly pretend to be. The man in the middle is cackling on the sideline,
with piles of green spilling from where his guts used to be. Look out!
and while you\'re circling the drain for entertainment you might want to
hold your hand out and see what garbage you catch. it\'s a free for all,
no seriously, it\'s all free, what did you expect from the trash piles?
Premium garbage? well, they have that too. They just dress it up in
funky robes of dopamine and god knows what other rewards. Everyone wants
success, yet few people actually attain it, so they lowered the bar, in
fact someone nicked it and we have no idea where they ran off to. this
is a problematic moral dilemma, far beyond the scope of myself. To be so
thumbless and without purpose. If everyone was successful, then by
definition, whatever that success looked like, it would feel rather
mediocre because everyone would have it, boring. On the other hand it
would be super easy to find and readily available to every nook and
cranny round the waterhole. Therefore, in order for success to be
worthwhile it has to be challenging and thus rare. the stakes have to
matter to the individual (internally and externally, inside and out) or
there\'d be no excitement in having achieved its rarity. Its
exclusivity! Which means plenty of people are going to miss out and they
bloody well better be good at dealing with it or nature is going to
intervene, and Sally says she has a reputation for playing ultra-dirty.
Coming up with a whole ugly slew of crude definitions for quick
\'success\'. Fame, money, vanity, psychopathy, etc.

The teacher has drifted away from their musical kingdom and has found
new, more fulfilling homes. So we all want to be famous, why? Well to be
desired of course, taken care of, highly relatable, iconic, supremely
replicated. Though, what is it really? What fame *really* is, is success
without responsibility. the glitz, the glam, the excessively extreme.
All the money and none of the worries or so it may seem. even deeper
than that though, it is immortality, and if there\'s one thing that
nature dreads more than anything, it\'s itself, *death ou naturalis*.
Nature, specifically, Nature within Nature, ie. Consciousness
(Naturalis), is so keenly aware of its mortality that it split itself in
two, hiding this awareness from itself, by itself, within itself,
fighting itself, eating itself, nourishing its loneliness. Conscious
nature and anti-conscious death. The conscious and sub-conscious mirror
the duality of chaos and order. They communicate moving forward towards
success, towards order through chaos, towards death through life,
towards the known through the unknown and back again.

It all exists in a pathetic wash of disgusting vile hues and we are
expected to lap it all up like the obedient little puppy dogs that we so
gladly pretend to be. Marching to the parade of our muted tones.\
If success is the light at the end of the tunnel, fame is the fairy
godmother ready to take you safely through that tunnel, all tolls paid,
banquets of freedom and all you can eat buffets. Responsibility is an
ikea manual, forcing you to build your own damn cart via murky
instruction and with pages missing. (narcissism is a mirror telling you
that you are the light at the end of the tunnel, and you needn\'t go
anywhere, just sit and stare at your own perfection). 'You are the
light, you are the light', A little voice in your head tells you to go
find the mirror and break it.

This level of jaded apathetic pessimism takes us back to where we
started, right back to that first epiphany, back when we saw things so
clearly through youthful eyes, so innocent and bold, back when music
really meant something, back before the internet, back when we were kids
unconditioned in the Kitkadid. Everything grows so wild then we chop
thicker at our knots, we chop and the vigour of our chops, chops us
deeper, and it feels so good to be so lost. We really don't appreciate
all that music does for us. A fat controller of behaviour that we wield
like dumb thumbless monkeys. Lighter of the darkest hallways, *Bing
Bong,* 'Level 436'. Humans really don't deserve all the sacred
instruments we make available to them.

Through the lens of our friend, the cynic, we can gain the perspectives
of such a useful philosophy without actually becoming ourselves drenched
in cynicism - marvellous. And this is certainly the proper way toward a
new understanding of what music can really do for us, and what you can
do for it. Start by looking instead of receiving. Hunt. What are we
looking for exactly? Aesthetic. An evolution of mood, an elevation of
the senses. An embodied appetite for stimulation, a diet of 21^st^
century proportions. A Myra of Meta-Moods.\
\
*The dangers of loving yourself have never been so crystal clear.*

How can you expect to find what you're looking for if no one ever taught
you how to look for it? You're just a kid one day after all. Nobody
showed you what it would look like once you've found it. Most kids that
figure it out, figure it out because they had to. It was necessary for
their survival, they had nothing else, they had to find their own Banana
Knowledge or suffer the mayhem of the mundane. Kitkadids like this are
sensitive to the sounds experienced in the hearing. They quickly become
jaded and are thus *more* jaded, *more* of the time. They ignore their
collective feed and run around to find new realms, fancier dreams,
inhabiting the pretentious hallways of the outsider prolific.\
\
In the New York Times, a man was shot dead today. He lived a thoroughly
unpleasant life and slowly bled to death in agony with no family. His
profile was uploaded to the Library where it will be stored for public
access. You can experience his final moments via the NVRM on Weekends
from Noon till Night. Good day, citizens. We leave you with these
closing statements. Your affirmations will be updated as you slumber.

Our three tenants, as sung by the Hospillian Telmadri are as such:

1\. Music is created by the universe; it is a gift and our ears are not
worthy and we must respect the unfathomable generosity of the Landlord
for such delight.

2\. All music is trash. That is to say, all music manufactured by human
counterparts are weak imitations born out the womb of pure vanity,
mothered by greed and self-assured iconification.

3\. Music is lived through, not listened to via performative
consumption. It is not a package or a product. It is not content or
contest. It is not a weapon to wage wars with or a box of toys to be
toyed with.

But that won't stop them from trying...

*Read paragraph just before 'Within a Music of Surprise', [Eviction
Begins at Dawn]{.underline}, and then return here.*\
\
In today\'s west, we see monetary success married with life success,
ball and chain, in vain, in vein. If you have money, you are successful,
if not, then not. You are seen as a success regardless of every other
*internal* facet of your life, money money money, self self self,
IDENTITY AESTHETIC RULES! DEVOUR ME! **CONSUME!** This attitude must be
reconditioned pronto, we must be the ones to do it. The projected
aesthetic is the only brand worthy of worship and worship they all
shall.

*Translations may be severely out of whack, given the absurdity of
time.*

This creates a cloud of discriminatory ableist prejudice. We are in dire
need of new pathways as our society advances. Your ability to generate
wealth does not define your worth as an individual. In this digital age,
the internet has become the centrepiece to our civilisation\'s dinner
table. Self-awareness is not a two headed beast, it is not on/off, it is
a spectrum, a complex array of altered states dancing in chaotic
organisation. Consciousness is governed by the environment, if it
changes, we change, nature cares not for our petty bickering. If aliens
exist, they are laughing at us. On the universal playground we sit with
our heads in the sand and wonder why everything is so dark, while the
aliens build castles in our hopelessness, way up to the great treehouses
of wisdom. As long as we have our convenience, we'll enjoy our sand.

'It's like this, men like vag but they don't like women, women like dick
but they don't like men. When they wanna fuck they don't wanna love,
when they wanna love they don't wanna fuck. It's the ultimate dilemma,
man.'

Though, you cannot be so hungry and horny for convenience and luxury
that you ignore the outside, don't be a blind bat in strange cave. As a
human being of planet earth it is your absolute priority to recognise
the *soul* *spark* in all other humans, every single one, no exception.
That special ineffable glimmering within everyone. This is vital for our
survival in such a chaotic landscape. We are all alone together in this
universe; it is as large as it is uninviting. In order to prosper we
must master tools of communication.\
\
*Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M,
Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M,
Envy Are M, Envy Are M,*\
\
'Ever notice how they all seem to be tuned-in to some secret plan? Like
they're the ones pulling the strings, making you feel small, just by
looking at you. It's an avalanche of anxiety building in the back of
your mind. It's a cold realisation.'\
\
Reason is a friend but not our only ally, logic is a must but certainly
has its limitations. all the good and all the bad is necessary for our
expanding perspective, we can find wisdom in all experience. nothing is
insignificant. nothing is wasted. nothing is bigger, greater and more
powerful than *new* ideas and ancient myth. Look to those that oppose
you, that which is different from you, muster the courage to be curious
and let that curiosity guide your mind to mindfulness, through unknown
anxieties, pop! Pop! Pop!\
\
A funny thing happened, it's rather disturbing. With the scientific
method, when a hypothesis disagrees with experiment, you throw it out,
no hard feelings, it's just business. Well, somewhere along the way, the
subjective experience of the individual *became* the experiment. So if
someone held a particular world view and expert opinion disagreed, the
opinion would be thrown out because the dummy individual believed
themselves to be just as equal to the expert. Ergo world view intact,
expert doused and set alight. The individual saw their knowledge as
complete, no need for outside opinion, they could only trust themselves.
Eventually they burned every bridge in sight, happy in their triumph
they took a warm rest amongst the flaming wreckage. With a smile that
quickly drooped to a frown, they gazed around and came to realise, being
a God was rather lonesome.\
\
The sharing of information is reproductive, it naturally requires the
recipient to submit to the logos. Therefore the information must be made
attractive. This leads to world view echo chambers where tribes form and
develop anti-intellectual habits, as all the groups stay with their
particular aesthetic and lexis, never exploring opposition.

loʊɡɒs, ˈlɒɡɒs/, US: /ˈloʊɡoʊs/; Ancient Greek: λόγος, Romanised: *lógos*; from λέγω, *légō*, lit. \'\'I say\'\'
================================================================================================================

(Sprague, 1993)\
\
Explore your opposite! Befriend it you fool. It can teach you new
perspective beyond your sole selfish wants of your limited aesthetic
interests. The unfamiliar cannot become familiar without sacrifice,
submit to it, to nature. Sacrifice cannot be real without pain. Pain
cannot be understood without feeling. Nurture. Feelings cannot be felt
without vulnerability. Vulnerability cannot exist without the allowance
for mistake, the admission of *fuckupery*, the submission to the idea
that you are in the hands of nature. Mistakes cannot be endured without
trust. Trust cannot form without communication. Communication cannot
flourish without observation. Observation cannot be performed without
self-awareness. Self-awareness cannot be useful without the unfamiliar
becoming familiar, and you see the circle is a figure 8. A loop! Two of
them side by side. Become familiar with that which you are not yet
familiar. Broaden your family! It's your civic duty.\
\
Death would have shit negativity like the lactose intolerant ice cream
vendor that also happened to sell fairy floss if freedom was so free.
And like a weapon of fate his entire arsenal would silently wait in the
shadows. Embarrassingly insane are his memories and his are by far the
worst in town. And what an ugly town it is, filled with wrong doers and
misbehaving martyrs of strangled fish and faith. Voids running rampant
here in these purple streets. Here in this room of gesture where we
sleep sitting up with our eyes wide shut facing the window. With our
teeth clenched we make creams of our dreamed disaster, thus avoiding
this reality. Putting to rest our quest for traumas of undoing distress,
of our destructive thoughts that once guided us like rain to the field
of our demise. Death has come for the town.\
\
*Dear Charlotte,\
\
*Time was never good to us, I know this now. I've been sleeping on us
for some time. Going over it, again and again. Replaying every detail I
can think of. It was cosy for a while, in a burning kiss kind of way.
There's no choice, you do what the machine says, I did what I had to do.
You did what you had to do. I can think of no sweeter way of putting it.
Everything tastes sour anyways. It's a sour situation. I'm stuck, you're
stuck, who isn't stuck these days? I keep thinking there's more out
there, a bigger hill to climb, some brilliant infinity that I'll stumble
across. A new idea that'll make me rich and famous, thrust me over this
sand hill into stardom. It's all a lie. I cashed in on a lie. Sold a
lie. Lived a lie. And when I die, that'll be one final lie. I went down
to the beach a couple weeks ago, just like you said to. It was foggy. I
pretended to play catch with the fog. I stood there at the shore,
throwing my imaginary ball out into the ether and waiting for a real
ball to come back. It never did so I just imagined one flying back at me
instead. I miss you, dear Charlotte.

*Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M,
Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M, Envy Are M,
Envy Are M, Envy Are M,*

Far too much pulling down and pushing over, at large, our society is as
childish as the schoolish playground that we inhabit, 'may we ever grow
up?' Far too quickly has the outside *in* become the inside *out*, and
we don\'t have any clue when it happened. Popularity and vanity have
flooded to fill this hole that we didn\'t even realise we dug with the
shovel that we thought was a spade of progress. The second greatest
trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn\'t exist.
The first? Getting us to believe in our secret fantasies. To hide from
ourselves behind reason. Grateful we are for it, however, where would we
be without myth and knowledge? Imagination is a curse and a blessing, a
reality, a ruse. What is better, to clear or confuse, a terrific lie or
a bland truth? What does better even mean? Superior? More Effective? We
love a fancy lie, something that feels good to wear without work, a nice
little cheat code for all of our life's ugly little problems. No
problem! Just wish it all away, you'll catch your fat fish another day!

Ask us this though, truly, what do you wish for? What kind of fantasy is
your brand of poison? Do you wish for fame? If so, then ask yourself, do
you feel empty? Do you hope for riches? How about the freedom of flight?
Do you feel a deep void a-brewing? What are you chasing, Mr Wolf? Is it
big and is it full of air? Are you hungry for that which is mere
illusion, pure imagination, selfhood annihilation? Is being the average
joe sheep such a travesty, dear? We must acknowledge the reality that a
majority of people will exist in the mediocre realm of the middle, if
being there is seen as so undesirable, then most will exist in needless
dirt, what kind of society is that, Sweet Sally? What kind of hope do we
poison ourselves with? Progress is a big stick prodding a rather
alarmingly weak back and your beak is too big for your face. An
advanced, nuanced civilisation requires multiple avenues of success that
are all valid and respected. Let us create them. Let us breathe. Just
let us fucking breathe, dude.

Everyone is different, few are unique.

Seek the silver lining, and truth won\'t seem so bleak.

*They just want to be the last ones alive\
They don't want to be lonely at night*\
\
What a fascinating turn of events occurring in the most predictable
fashion imaginable. These morbid proclivities swirling my subconscious
strangle and subdue. and the so-called well-wishers chime at noon, like
lunch bells hungry for school yard decadence. well without supper I
shall go, if that\'s all I'd hoped for. Maybe peace and quiet isn\'t
what it\'s cracked up to be? Is it really that obvious, that
transparent? Have I become so shallow\... so cold and removed, that the
chattering of hollow bones bothers none? Look at the skin that still
feels the weather, look to the life it had. \"If only\" says the child,
to the stars in the pond, the reflections of light that pitter patter
upon the still water. With bold opportunity they prance around, in their
fragile state they whisper heavy, on a tightrope of deceit they balance;
and when they fall, they burn, they burn till they are empty.

Where are we? Where is this going? Am I in isolation? Are we in this
together? Where are you? What are you doing for dinner? Where on earth
has the context gone? Let's find something else to think about. Hmm, ok,
here's one.

Myra fancied himself somewhat of a pied piper type figure, a robin hood
kind of guy, a man of the people; a terrific storyteller, ask anyone.
But his people were far from people; they were all crooked and hard done
by. The environments they all lived in and shared, were certainly harsh.
Think of a rusty playground with really tired dry grass tall from
neglect; busted up slippery dips, see saws with bullet holes, no paint
on the monkey bars, a total wasteland. A place where all the kids grew
up, came back, and never left. Real easy to get stuck on places like
this. Myra was stuck too, but he didn't know it, or maybe he didn't want
to believe it. The sandcastles and the treehouse adventures were too
pleasant. He used to collect marbles and play with the burners to avoid
getting his face shoved in. Some liked getting their face shoved in the
sand, "builds character", they'd say. Myra carried his marbles in a
purple velvet sack, he kept the collection stashed in a beat-up tin can
about the size of a soup bowl and stayed away from Moving vehicles.
Together with his marbles, he always kept a yoyo and a deck of cards on
him, he couldn't go anywhere without them. In a three-dimensional
physical landscape, you need your opposites. You can't have a one-sided
coin; you need your opposites. Bread isn't toast without a touch of
fire. Myra hid his fire in the pages of a bookshelf where he kept his
memory relics, way up in the treehouse. This was his home away from
home, a home of welcome horrors. Every nook and every cranny crammed
full of tiny trinkets. Each one a signature to a faraway dream.

The cure for ignorance is not education, if only it were that simple. To
change a behaviour you must change the belief that precedes that
behaviour; for that kind of change you need a *story*, a bloody big one.
Not just any big story o' pie, a deeply relatable story, a story that
penetrates the subconscious and untangles the mess hidden inside. This
is no easy "Once upon a time", it has to be a story that *sings* more
than it *says*, it must know how to whisper and when to shout! A shallow
story, it is not. From the depths it must come, for that is its
concurrent destinational ending, born into its final resting place. Like
a circle, it must finish where it started. Alas, a cure is not what you
seek, if only it were that simple. It's quite the climb to the top and
the ladder is made out of so much more than facts and logic. A breezy
climb it most definitely is not.\
\
I think I killed someone in my dream, or maybe it was a suicide.

I won't pretend to know your suffering, I won't pretend to know your
past, however I must pretend to know your intention to put my suspicion
at ease and make sense of why you have come to this treehouse. And in my
pretending, I must admit that I'm in your favour, for the time being, I
owe you a great deal. So, enter, please, and leave your shoes at the
door, your socks will give us good charge. I trust you brought your
marbles with you? You'll be needing those, all of them, now more than
ever. But I'll still need to see them, so place them in the bowl, you
know the drill. Yes of course, I know, you've never done this, but the
you- that isn't currently you-, has done this... many times before and I
remember them, oh how I remember them, that is to say, the 'I' that I
will be when 'I' am you but not so surely me, you see? Are you
following? or shall we take a trip down memory lane, or is it up memory
lane? I forget. The more I remember the less you forget, got it? Your
fate is in our hands I suppose. Anyways, let's have a look, shall we?
Hmm, lots of blues and greens, plenty of orange yellows, yet hardly any
red? Quite impressive, in my not so humble opinion, mmm, yes. Could do
with some more purple but I understand your hesitations. I was never too
fond of it either, scary stuff. Yes, absolutely, we can work with this,
certainly I'm sure of it. I'll be back in a jiffy; I must examine my
workbench. Hmm, no, wait, ahh ha! Yes, wait... maybe, just... umm, hmm,
let's see, not quite, but what abou- ahh, here we go, yes... absolutely,
this shall work nicely. Okay, friend, tilt your head back, down into the
sink right here, oh and close your eyes, yes. The water is warm, mmm,
don't worry. Okay, yes, that's it, now you should feel a funny fizzy
sensation on your melon, grab your marbles now, like little pop rocks
for your scalp and away they go! Down the drain. Allow your dreams and
memories to coalesce, focus on the movements of my fingers, they dance,
you see? Dance with them, yes that's it, with your mind's eye, let the
moment hypnotise you, dissolving, mmm, yes. You will soon hear the
voices of the shampoo, and you certainly won't mine. They don't call
them Myra Forgettable for nothing now do they... Do they?\
\
I don't know who you are, but you certainly aren't Myra, get out of
here, you don't belong here, you're just a bad dream! Wake up, wake
up... *Nearly there, you can do it...*

**Marbles for Lunch, Opals for Dinner**

Don't have to tell me twice, what with the state of the world and all
flower-esque objects in decay. In the world of the state, where even the
saint is cast as poncy reprobate! Scoundrel is he, for all his wishes
and worries, cakes and cantinas, he hasn't the sense to make sense of
his nonsensical misery, he hasn't. In mystery, one may find excitement,
one may find love in the darkest of places. Curiosity! And if one does,
happen across such a pearl of anxious torture, they needn't worry
whether or not it speaks to them solely and purely, in holy wisdom or
with a sinner's disguise in isolation. Lathered in shampoo. Dreaming
alone. Because that dark place has only one escape, and that is in the
light of stars. Though where there be light in dark places, shadows too
may hold mysterious miseries in the right conditions. So, wary must you
be Miss Piper, but not too wary drab as to not see at all, see saw. See
what Bear must be, in reflections on mirrors and in ponds and in seas,
is happy, happy as can be. It is so very true that reflections, no
matter how ghastly, need not be regarded as just immolation, they are
merely imitation. Sneaky shadows. Which, truth be told, is the highest
form of flattery. So, don't be so afraid of your evils lurking. Because
if you shun them, they will only grow stronger behind your back, without
your knowledge; then these shadows will cast no doubt, true monsters
they will be. A confused monster, bear in mind, a better mirror he so
desperately needs. You must be his honest mirror, the mirror in his
mind.\
\
*Dear Bear,*

You didn't forget your past, you just never properly learned it. You
selfishly hid the remedy from yourself, to fool yourself into knowing
yourself, without truly knowing yourself. You haven't had a reliable
teacher these past years, an honest map with hidden floors revealed
within yourself. Not just the good parts of you and not just the bad,
the ugly parts too. That's a domain few find the courage and travel
through. Your elevator is out of order. It's a situation many refuse to
accept is present within themselves. We begin our stories with bad maps;
we'll probably die with them too. Maybe they acknowledge an ugly habit
here and there, but they strike it down as swiftly as it grew. Though,
do they poke deeper? Well, how far can one go? How can anyone know? They
can't, at least not by themselves. So one must be told of their deepest
uglies. But this feels like an insult. "How can that which is external
to me, know me better than me?", squawks the arrogant Peter Pan, the
insufferable whiny child. "I know myself; I know my truth, no one can
tell me anything about me that I don't already know, nobody knows what
it's like more than I do", on and on the drivel runs, 'I am the expert
of myself!'. But of course, that which is separate to the self, knows
the self very well; it can see the story *and* the storyteller, the
action and the actor. Then it must be well and true that we need our
external truth tellers that we so dearly trust to let us in on our own
secrets. To help us untangle ourselves from our garden of secret
motivations, our lies and hidden subconscious methods, agendas, etc. The
viny habitual substance we've been developing all these years. Makes a
human extremely vulnerable, hey? Well, that's why you're so gosh darn
lovable. In the face of it all, you dare to wander right out into the
big dark thick of *it*, with your innermost repressions sloppily holding
you all together, like a school project brazenly rushed to finish the
night before, you fall and you fall and you fall. With last minute
attitudes, you get back up every time with a, "yeah, this'll do". That's
humanity, that's nature fighting with you, in a way... that's
everything. Perfection is a total bore, a hindrance, a nuisance, a drag
on the momentum of the genuine ideas. Ideas with flaws, problems and big
confusions hold life and curiosity. They sparkle, it's uneven, sometimes
ugly, always beautiful. Ideas that actually matter. Ideas that, whilst
make little sense in the moment, actually broaden horizons in the way
they grapple with the big beautiful nature of the beyond. Waking in
their forward movement, like the bow of a ship, causing ripple shifts in
the status quo, new movements, moods and dances in the waves of cultural
conventions. Rhyming with reoccurrence, historically tidal. Upending the
staleness of our truly false idols that promise special brands of
exclusive truths from days of yore. Though, under the confused suffering
of it all, wrapped in the most special silk, is the everlasting unique
beauty of a universe caught in constant falling, unravelling itself
within itself. Naked and vulnerable. Smaller into small, bigger into
beginning. The universe spins and spins. Humans spin with it, in their
unravelling, streams of light spark, fly and shoot energetically across
space in every direction. And in their soul's mirror they see this light
reflected back at them and what do they do? Pretend it doesn't exist. A
denial, frustrating to no end. You may be a big ugly bear, but you don't
need to hold on to hate. You're no louder than a scream, no less
temporary than a dream and you'll always be a friend to me, my bear.
*Keep pushing, that's it. Push!*

*Honour, Respect, Compliance*\
\
The human spirit thrives on division. That's a word with three I's, me
me me. Meme? Me, centre of the universe. Only way a little something can
become a fish cooking God, is of course to separate from the herd and
shove one's dirty feet into the shoes of the submissive shepherd,
pretend, make believe. Rising as la crème de la crème, the pyramid of
pyramids to have your cake and eat it too. *How selfish*. But that's the
way of least resistance, it's a self-invested obsessive boundary
breaking force. *Oh how Nature detests thy barriers*. Ironic, because it
actually creates immense resistance, in the form of war & revolution,
create-destroy renew repeat. For there already is a shepherd and if you
want to take his place, you're going to have to kill him. Or at least
bargain with him, but he's the shepherd's shepherd, he already has all
he needs, and he knows all your tricks, Mr Wolf. Well, now you have a
choice. Kill him or maybe steal his sheep? Now you have a war on your
hands. Now you've become a wolf. And the sheep want nothing to do with
you. To fool the shepherd you must become the joker, the thief and the
cheat.

Sally,\
\
There will be times in your life, where everyone and everything you see,
will sound like a lie. What can you do in times like these, except
retreat? Retreat into the noiseless comfort of your own mind. The
umbilical hallways where the good goons gab. The one place that offers
solace and serendipity. But not for long because even in here, in your
head, liars come to visit. They follow you home. They pick at you from
afar. They never leave you alone, they bring their noise with them.
These evils things, these evil screaming things, they make you think
things you wouldn't. Make you say things you wouldn't. Do things you
wouldn't. And magically, when their damage is done, they fly away. Like
the broken hand of betrayal, it blames its heartache on you. And in your
innocence, you take it. In your naivety, you doubt yourself, and believe
their corrosive tales. Maggots in your cereal, you feel like cardboard
now. Your cold milk is pale blue and curdled. Your eyes are white and
the paper scraps of life you once called memories are burning in their
misery. I'd take a regular cup of joe over this cancer, any day of the
week. This tumour is my replacement. I am no longer human. My heart is
gone. My soul has been wrung wicked. My limbs no longer function. My
mind is long past decay. I have no flesh, nor have I bone, though I'm
itching in this cage. Everything has left me. I am nothing. And I have
been nothing for as long as I care to remember. But I can't remember a
god damn thing. When memories are pain, the mental landscape becomes a
hate-filled minefield. A place where hurt is contemporary and always.
Invited and necessary. It brightens up the place, makes me feel at home.
This is my tortured escape in the pathological refuge. A safe space.
Interpret it as you may, as you will, as you come, as you are in this
always. Stuck. Like super-glue. Trapped in vents, and in pipes under
pavement. Claustrophobic coffins, cabinets, cupboards, closets. Are you
scared of the dark? I am. Do you walk around the house at night with all
the lights turned off? I do. I think I killed someone...

Swirls of a palace replaced, marble opal rain, invited future, daunting,
haunting, of course not merry. Who needs merry when any... feeling shall
do? Seeking in its stimulation, seeping like glue, slithering through
pipe and drain. In the glug glug of places, plastic blue walls spewing
thick purple spit from the slit between the loosened ruck of rusted
nails, chipped. Open veins closing doors. What gigantic worlds have been
to this place. What enigma, sleeping in its retreat, vacating this hotel
of its responsibility. In painted pictures of vile streets, these early
scribbles that only scratch at the surface of the rotting psyche. I
don't know this place, but I like this place. I don't think this world
sleeps alone unrecognisable in putridity, I feel this world's a really
very special, humble little home and I'm going to stay here a while.

*Instructus Op. Mandatus Vol. III*

1.  Tie the humans up by their legs.

2.  Place the fold around their optic nerve.

3.  Prepare each scalp for operation.

4.  Anesthetise and hang in groups of five.

5.  Input data, location, SSI, current mood on upon capture.

6.  Organise into sets of twenty-five.

7.  Activate conveyer transportation for relocation.

**Afterwoods**

*Another dream of the lost.*

Hum that sweet lullaby to me, Mama, the one of ages lost. I am not
absorbent, nor do I possess the qualities of a dull guest. So, like a
clumsy gust of wind, I knock at the house of cards, causing a tumble, a
throw, from down upon my porch light glow. Then grow, I see through a
window there's these kings and then some queens with selfish eyes,
wanting to know how they'll end up. But I haven't for them, anything
they don't already know. These aren't those kinds of fortune telling
cards. Force fields amused, forcibly removed from the extranormal
superficialities of my windowless realities. Free we are to come and go,
but we shan't show. And people, they can't be made into perfection,
that's true, and they won't want anything when they find out what *it*
is. Kings are no closer to Gods than peasants and parliaments, unbridled
in fictional superstition! Fools, I've known plenty, Mama, jesters of
all sorts. It's a party, it's a playhouse, it's a bucket of spades
without the remorse and of course, off course! I see it now so clearly,
in my sinking bed, my midnight coffin. I sense the sharks are circling,
the dotted hum of their foreboding ever eroding the surgery of this
sutured mind of mine. Unkind of and reflexive like, temperamentally
challenged, bemused, compromised with its ill-intuition laden confused
ill intent. Will all the things that make clocks tick and sunlights that
twitch, flick? See, stitch upon stitch, flickering? Staples here and
there, showing bare, revealing care undeserved though, so very needed.
Needs, needs so unneeded, heroes unheeded, wishes, whims, wills, and the
worries of wanting undeniably unwanted, though so very needed. Look out
the window, see that blue-sky Mama! See that spoke of cream whistling in
the wind? If that isn't the cloud of destiny, what is? If it isn't
dreaming this reality, who will? Will a reality? Will *it*? Hum that
sweet lullaby to me, Mama, the one of ages lost, I'm going to close my
eyes shut one last time.\
*\
Babies shouldn't be born with eyes, they see too much.*

We exist in a reality, where, in order to feel real, one must receive
stimulation. Scrolling on through their infinite feed, the endless
mountain of mood filling every appetite, *yummy*. The *air* isn't really
recognised until some part of its behaviour stimulates our senses and we
perceive it. We behave the same way as humans. Imagine yourself in a
video game, some kind of boxing simulation. If the crowd observes a
quality throw against the opponent, they will respond with a cheer.
'Terrific wallop my good man!'. This isn't their choice; they are
programmed to do it. This feels, unreal, simulated, because it is, it's
written in their code, pre-determined, pre-conditioned. If the crowd did
something unexpected and out of the ordinary and new, this would
approach something that feels like choice. At least to us it does. In a
video game, this would be a *bug*, something unexpected, a choice of
chaos or some kind of rat in the system; therefore, choice is a bug, a
collapse, a dissenting piece of information. So in order for one to feel
real, one must be stimulated by something 'new' for to have a 'new'
response into the unknown. New and fresh, this is stimulation. Which
doesn't take into account whether or not those stimulating things are
good or bad, it's just whether or not they have been done before,
morality be damned. *"Weather changes moods"*. And so the things that
have not been done before, become supremely stimulating, with the
possibility for anxiety and curiosity. And since this contains both good
and bad things, both good and bad become and remain, forever and always,
stimulating; if they satisfy the condition of '*not yet done*'. New.
Now, you as the individual, you haven't experienced the entire history
of the universe, the *'it'*, so technically the things that have been
done before are still stimulating to you because you specifically, have
not yet done them. A human belongs to two worlds, a social need to
conform and exist in a group and an alarming desire to push boundaries.
How can these two forces coincide within the same body and not cause
existential difficulties? Well, they can't, and they don't, it is
inevitable. The ripping and tearing of one's soul towards so called
enlightenment, painful, no doubt, is unavoidable. These 'new' modes feel
like bugs and are treated as such. They are psychological mutations.
Nature is always eating itself, you are too, you are nature, and if you
would stop eating you wouldn't feel any pain anymore, but then you'd get
mighty hungry. When you're hungry enough, everything is food, and
everything is stimulating. It's not good to see your judgement clouded
by appetite. Eat too much and you'll be sick, eat too little and you'll
get too hungry. You've got to eat a medium amount, man. You need a
regular dose of it, man. And it has to be given to you in a way that is
stimulating enough to feel real, to nourish and to fulfil, but not so
stimulating to the point that it burns you out on it. Different beings
have different stimulation diets. Some want too much, it's not good for
them. The colder you are, the further away you are, the more you want
it, the more you need it, the more it's going to consume you more than
you can consume it. It'll grip you like addiction, it'll cast you down a
fucking well, a pit of despair, and leave you dead. Laugh while you
drown, it will, it will eat you alive, don't let it, man, don't let it!

I need something new, something fresh. When nothing is, what is it?
Well, this right here is the problem with pleasure. What *if?* Pleasure
is stimulating in a way that dries up quick if you're disconnected from
some kind of infinite source. Say, smashing a snake on the head with a
rubber mallet is pleasurable to you. Do it enough and it surely won't be
for long, until you move on to your next little ride. Therefore,
pleasure keeps you moving. Hunting the next stimulating toy. Which
direction does pleasure push the soul? Towards enlightenment? Towards
goodness? If only it were that easy, the game would be over before
sunrise. Of course pleasure works in the complete opposite direction.
Towards decadence. Towards destruction. And it's a sobering thought, I
feel it coming back to me now. A certain glow. That I know, I really
should know something so familiar.\
We're looking for a wall and we found one, a very large step.

*Shower Thought \#54*

How is the pie gone, Mama? And the box of chicken half empty? How is
anything, the way it is, the way it is, is the way it is. Now. What can
I push off the cliff, Mama, to make myself feel better? What can I
dispose of so that I won't feel like such a waste? Will the end, really
be the end? We're always doing things without thinking, and once we've
done them, we can't take it back. It isn't that simple. We can't change
the past, what a terrifying thought. That'll stop anyone with a touch of
sense in their tracks, just hold them there, frozen, feeling the pulse
slow. It's a cold thing to think about, time spent worrying. So you've
got to live. And if you know how terrified you used to be, think of how
terrified you're going to be, when you really see, what you could be.
When you truly catch the reflection of what makes you ugly, what makes
you beautiful is everything in between. You'll feel it, in every inch of
you. You're microscopic and you know it. Well, an atom's pretty small
too, and they make up a lot of stuff. It's what you're made of, that's
what matters. There's a lot of tiny things that you're made of, that all
work together to keep the all that is everything, on. I bet those little
molecules don't even know how much you need them. I always make sure to
send thank-you notes. They probably feel useless from time to time,
heck, they might even feel like they're not needed or worthy or supposed
to be there. And yeah, they may come and go popping in and out,
seemingly indistinguishable from one another, but I reckon nature's got
it covered. It's endosymbiosis, man. But that's just my opinion...
What's yours, Mr Power? How 'bout you, Mr Fancy?

I reckon subjectivity is what gives us our world, *Goddammit*, our
emotion its *motion*. I see the world the way I see it and I'm going to
make it look how I want it to look (Fancy), you're going to do the same
with your subjective view. This confused combination of interconnected
perspectives creates a tension, which creates a story, story is what the
universe is. If we only saw things objectively, nothing would move,
there would be nowhere to go, no imbalance, no difference. Imbalance is
chaos, difference is chaos, movement between chaos and order is what
enables generation. The generation of story. We are blocks of Lego; we
are pieces of puzzles. Imagine it as, finishing a puzzle and that
finished puzzle is a piece of a much larger puzzle, so on and so forth.
As you zoom out, you attempt to reveal the entirety of a never-ending
puzzle. But you can never tell, inside infinity, what level you are on
without any reference, without any comparison, without any subjective
experience. Chaos, order, observer = story.

**Skwing Reveals the Wave Circumference**

Naturally, we are subjective, and we come together to form and manifest
some kind of objectivity, in the hopes of determining consistency,
clarity, a meaningful pattern. Both continuous patterns and discrete
patterns. Examples: the way a light switch flicks from on to off is
binary and discrete, 0 or 1. The way a ping pong ball flies across the
table is a spectrum, a continuous behaviour. We organise our universe in
discrete packages in order to perceive objects and tools out of a
continuous spectrum of possible behaviours. Light is both a particle and
a wave? *Dinners Ready!*

Time to gratify that unending appetite of yours, big fella! All the cool
kids shop at all the same stores. 'Cool Kid Aesthetic', we whisper it,
*Cool Kid Aesthetic*, 'where dreams come true to life and live happily
ever after'. Get fulfilled, get submissive, get your rocks off, brat! Do
it all at 'Cool Kid Aesthetic'. We have your best life ready for you to
walk out the store with, right off the rack! No hassles. *Hehe*... No
fussing about with unnecessary pockets and hidden compartments that
always seem to have too many zippers. We know your taste, we've studied
your data, we're the experts of our field, you're gonna love us! And
we're gonna love you. So get ready for some loving, pal, come on down to
'Cool Kid Aesthetic', your *best life* is waiting for you. Join the
aesthetic! Be a part of something *real,* be a part of the *Cool Kid
Aesthetic*, you know you can't resist. Back to your regularly scheduled
programming. *Thoughts About Waves.*

Let's return to the puzzle analogy. Imagine viewing a finished puzzle
from a sufficiently high vantage point, where the puzzle appears as a
dot. A simple dot. As you zoom in on the puzzle you would approach a
point where you would be distinguishing the individual pieces of the
puzzle now; thus observing an increasing complex puzzle, as the details
of the puzzle came into view. Until you zoom even further, and your
accelerating complexity would reverse and begin to approach a single
piece of the puzzle, as the other pieces exit visibility, thus
decreasing in complexity and returning to the original simplicity of a
single dot. That rising and falling would look a lot like a wave,
presumably. A sine wave, a circle, a swinging pendulum. You finished
where you started, a single dot, a single piece. Equilibrium was
experienced only in the middle of your situation. However, you have
completed one revolution, just as the circle does. Ending in the
position of its beginning, with nothing but the memory of its journey.
Peaks and valleys, varying degrees of complexities and confusions. You
may feel yourself falling, you may find yourself rising, whether or not
your situation is positive or negative, this environment affects your
perspective. You are oscillating, like a wave, there is no truer
intuition than the dizzying motion of the back and forth, up and down,
on and on. See-Saw, Yo-Yo, etc. So, zooming in on things increases
complexity and decreases and increases and decreases, to and fro,
*weeeeee!* But there doesn't ever seem to be a point where it can stop,
where it has an end, a bottom, a beginning. Like the vast emptiness of a
tube, it has walls, but void is its contents. If you zoom out, it all
just keeps going until your tools can't go any more. Run out, restart,
*rinse and repeat*. Similarly, zooming in, you just keep going until
your current methods run their course. Then something new comes along
where you can push even further. It doesn't seem like there is a
stopping point. It doesn't seem like anything, is really any... thing.
It just is... a relativity of relatable spaces in a time-safe fund.
Inside of which exists an existence for those with mass, for the sheer
purpose of their possibility and the collection and categorisation of
rented spacetimes and dreamtimes.

Pendulums swing back and forth, as does our king-queen duality
naturally, as does the status quo, as does our mood. Our collective
mood, culture dimensionality, behaves as if it is the summation of the
individuals' aesthetic, the will to beauty. It seeks to reproduce
itself, through memestuff, through the relatability of its meta-mood. It
too, goes up up up and down down down like a sinewave. Culture seems to
reach a boiling point wherein the budding generation feels disconnected
and disaffected. Finding the culture they are born into, unrelatable,
thus they reject, rebel, move elsewhere. Well, it is obvious why nature
does this, everything must be moving, always. Towards new aesthetics,
new values, new stimuli. The individual becomes jaded, over-bored, and
jumps ship, into a fall. It is inherently an adolescent endeavour, for those
with the vigor and spirit of adolescence, to seek new comforts, to find the
elsewhere. Thus, counter-cultures are intubated by their surrounding order, 
the order that they reject, the order they view as chaos. They seek new order! 
At this point in time, it is predictable. The circumference is as such;
1960, 1990, 2020, each a 30-year revolution, a circle that is the size
of one generation. Thirty times around the sun and the new kids on the
block find themselves fed up with their old folk's situation, for good
reason. A thirty year wait for the boiling of a culture kettle. The
water stings and leaves a burn. Fortunately, the tender skin offers
renewal, revitalisation, redemption, resolution, revolution! The motion
of a circle that moves forward in space is a spiral. In time its
direction is downward, as gravity pulls in this direction. A downward
spiral, culture increasing in chaos. Water temperature rising. Boiling
point's nigh deliverance. Here it comes, bang! Pop! Fizz! Fall...
falling now in reverse. It of course, is all relative. The direction, I
suppose, is up for you to analyse, positive or negative, pessimist or
optimist? Let's battle, let's fight about it, let's fuck to it!

**Comedic Confusion**

A message from your loving Conditioners:

To be an animal, a self-conscious animal, an animal that is aware of the
awareness in has of its awareness, leaves the animal with nowhere to
stand. Think of someone like Hitler. If you asked someone to summarise
Hitler's life, the word 'evil' floats to mind. Which means it's possible
to summarise an entire life with a word and one of the words one might
use is the category of evil. So, you can reach the finish line and
others can look at the way you ran and entitle it as evil. You tried to
take over the world, you tried to become God, you started a war that led
to the death and agony of millions, you've bruised humanity and that
makes you evil; that is our judgement of you. That is our human
judgement, one that we are foolish enough to make. You could just as
easily describe Hitler as confused, maybe even with more accuracy than
evil. Though, the word confused doesn't feel as though it has the weight
to it, to describe a human like Hitler. The word 'confused' doesn't
carry the strength, the severity. So it feels less than satisfactory.
Maybe it's futile to describe an entire life with a single word, but it
is still done. It makes sense to put a corrupt soul in a separate box,
the box of evil, and tell yourself, "I am not, *that*". Instead of
putting yourself in the same box as Hitler, the box of confused, the box
of human, the box of corrupt. A condition of the Landlord. The ways in
which we cover our confusion is what truly demarcates the good from the
evil. If we knowingly hide it from ourselves and others, living out dark
fantasy, with the guise of good will, we bring this evil into our world.
There are some types of confusions we can talk about here. Tragically
confused and comedically confused. The reverse of these reveals the
dichotomy, which would be clarity, sound data, *music*. This is markedly
a crossroads of confusion/clarity that we travel throughout our lives. A
taste of clarity produces awareness of a bigger confusion. This causes a
tumbling forward, kind of like a slinky down a stairwell. Out of the
unknown comes knowledge. Information. Put tragic confusion in the first
quadrant, moving into clarity, thus producing comedic confusion and back
into another dose of clarity with the final fourth quadrant, thus
completing the loop. Your awareness of your confusion, that's what puts
you in as the divider between good and evil. What a great responsibility
you have, you'd soon as just wish it all away, burying yourself in
ignorance. New discoveries are being daily made, love with us and you
will be deeply appreciated.

A forest is an organisation of trees, of societies, of hippies and
yuppies. What do you see, when you say, you see everything? What
surprises you? Here's a surprise... Gravity. Thwack! A falling force, a
force of chaos, down into the depths you go. Now. Growth! A rising
force, a force of order, up into the infinity of the sky you fly. The
duality of nature is everywhere, see it within, see it without. When a
tree grows towards the sun, it tells the story of triumph. Towards the
light, against the wishes of gravity. The sun calls to the spirit of the
trees ever so invitingly, with love and energy. You can fall without
effort, just sit back and let it ride, that's the hippie's way. But to
grow, to really manifest potential into true growth, away from the dirt
requires an unreal set of circumstances, that's the insufferable fervour
of the yuppy spirit. The hippie relaxes too much, the yuppy doesn't
relax enough, the hippie and the yuppy should marry and devour each
other, so the rest of us can dance in the sprinkle of their decay. As
the branches of the societal tree grow strong, we see nutrients from the
dark soil underground travel through a system of roots. Deeper into the
shadows the roots spread, seeking information from the unknown, for the
underground darkness contains the dream-like know-how for the journey to
the sun. The map is in the mind, the truth is in the sky, in the clouds.
Here's some information from the unknown.

Self-love is self-addiction, *Beth*, listen close. We cannot avoid this
confusion, *Millie*; we must therefore honestly wade through to its most
tolerable condition. A steady wholesomeness of honesty contradiction. We
are merely fools, dreamers and peace-loving lemmings, I hope there
aren't any cliffs about, how ironic. Comedic confusion is comprised of
two opposing internal forces, spirit of the youth and spirit of the old.
This phenomenon arises in the individual and is projected out onto the
world stage. The irony is that the spirit of the youth does everything
within its power to avoid the same fate of the old. However, this is the
very behaviour that brings about such reality, *Jon*. And off the cliff
they tumble. Tragic confusion is an absence of irony. This drama of
tragedy and comedy, interwoven in the fabric of the ego is an ongoing
play within the psyche. When the youth becomes sufficiently
disenfranchised and the old become adequately stagnant, the two forces
combust with catastrophic consequences. The wolves of sheep come to have
their day in the sun and fire. Will the shepherd notice the cliff, will
they say anything?

**A Conversation**\
\
A wolf to the shepherd said, 'Existence is self-contradiction, a concept
that cannot be avoided, so let's not avoid it. I'm telling you this
plainly, you must contradict yourself to exist', the wolf barked on into
the night. 'To eat yourself, to feed yourself *with* your-self, is to
*con*tradict your*self*. You can consciously contradict and
unconsciously contradict, I'd suggest the former, being no conformer,
confidence is key. But maybe I'm the conman? jest, I'm no man'. The
wolf's diatribe continued, 'a follower of cause, no matter how
righteous, unconsciously contradicts, inevitably leading themselves off
a cliff of their own creation, too busy gawking at their leader to see
their eventual betrayal'. The wolf's eye sparkled, 'If you consciously
contradict, at least you can see the cliff approaching and have some
chance of avoiding it, at the last minute. The shepherd of the
unconsciously contradicted is comedically confused and is leading the
herd right off said cliff, that is your fate my good sir. If the
shepherd is aware of the cliff and is determined to go ahead, is this a
tragedy or a comedy? Neither', the wolf continued to spin his web of
lies, 'it is evil, a conscious manifestation of peril for the sensation
of its power. To go through with this reality and sleep at night, the
shepherd feigns confusion, relishing in the power of control; avoiding
all responsibility of consequence. This is a cheating of nature, are you
a cheat, my good sir? When someone, anyone, tries to cheat nature, to
have their cake and eat it too, so to say, Nature invariably replies,
"piss off." Or, possibly, "nice try, cupcake." Either way, you can't
have it both ways. Though, a god surely can have it both ways, it is
after all, limitless. Everything and nothing, thus self-contradictory'.
'So, nature is two-faced?', absolutely, who said that?

The gravity part of nature wants you to cheat, to give in to sickness;
the growth part of nature wants you to overcome, to be the hero. That's
the reality of contradiction. This is the battle within all individuals.
Heaven and hell, maximumly contrary. Black and white, 100% contrast.
Masculine & Feminine, heads and tails, all the dualities are there. This
is called confirmation bias, but isn't it neat? Isn't it neat to play?
The bell has rung, I'll be right back... *Bzzzzzz*

All the humans turned into money, currency. Welcome home, into what we
in the 21st century call, data, remember that? Bought and sold
behaviour, data, all of your idiosyncrasies carved into a digital
record. Now the shampoo is really kicking in, I can tell. Let's examine
some memories with a finer toothed comb. Grab my magnifier! If you want
dreams, you go with the conditioners, if you want memories you go with
shampoo. Your marbles allow you to make sense of your situation and
cracking eggs brings you back to where you've been. We can't communicate
while you're in your head alone, but you'll recognise the place, they're
your memories after all. Okay... where did I, ohhh... and the... on a...
hmm, into the... with a... and another th-... *perfect.*

.

Greetings, Welcome, Salutations, I, am You, Your Shampoo. Right this way
dear...

*I thought we were going to... Hey don't forget the sunscr- Who wants to
go on the bi-*

*Yipeeee-* Thoughts, dreams, memories, floating by like petals on a
river, streaming through us, information all around, knowledge, places
to be, places to have seen, been, steam? Cream! Exciting, isn't it?
Scream. Oh yes! Keep your hands to yourself, my my we haven't long,
mmm\... You seek the memory of what happened to Diffa and all the
friends? You seek the memory of Goolwa? You seek the memory, hmm, to the
whereabouts of Myra? You seek the memory of who you are? Hmm, one moment
please. *Diffa numpty, oh dear Sally, Hello?!* Pick up the the **RED
TELE-**phone, the p- p- pace *ssshh sssh pssch shhh*, scrub gentle, mmm
*ssscch, gentle, yes*. Hmm, well, bad news I'm afraid, all of the
memories you seek are in the shadow room, locked away, for some kind of
trauma I suspect. We never put memories down there if it isn't
*absolutely* necessary. 'Without a shadow of a doubt', haven't you heard
that one before? We don't just hide things willy *~~WONKA~~* nilly,
**HUMPTY**, d, d, Dum, Num, *nnnnn*. We do it for yo- y- your benefit...
So please, trust our judgement. I'm afraid that's all the time we have,
you'll need your scalp reconditioned if you wish to access those deeper
satchels, my dear. *We can help you with that free of charge!* If you
have any further inquiries, contact your hippocampus-
zzzz&\^\@dd.dAe889(iz00)-//

01100010 01100001 01110010 01100011 01101111 01100100 01100101 00100000
01110010 01100101 01100011 01101111 01101110 01100100 01101001 01110100
01101001 01101111 01101110 01100101 01100100

Oh! Ooohh! *Actually*, now that you mention it, just a jiffy, *iffy*.
One moment please! I did happen to come across one of YOUR *desirables*,
down some back-alley drift where the lather's just right. What a mess
around here, I can't help myself! Such a rare scalp indeed; hardly ever
get them as crook as you, I could *swim* forever, lather me up real nice
and good, mmm. No worries though, that's what we're here for, to sort
and *organise*. Anyways, the satchel had the initials, 'J.E.M' scratched
into it. Most of the files within were corrupt, tricky substance condi-
err, umm, I mean *shampoo* is... I can tell you most certainly that
whomever or whatever this memory was remembering ceases to exist in your
world. No more questions please! The water is getting cold. Hmm, oh
dear, I know that look, straight on through to the egg please, mmm, bye
bye now, hmm okay, yes, indeed, oh *absolutely*, have a nice life, and
you, and you, and you.

*Crack!*

**In the Treehouse with Myra**

J, E, M, cease to exist? What does that mean? They were here last week.
Even left a-, Oh I don't know, calm down, they were going on about some
bearded bloke they met... on some useless adventure, looking for some
big- hmm, what was it... big, big dream something, cloud? Big Air!
That's it. Nope, never heard of it, or if I had, I wouldn't be able to
tell. Settle down for heaven's sake, you're getting egg everywhere. All
I know is that I don't know what the hell the Big Air is. But they were
acting like it was mighty important. I never really paid much attention
to those three hooligans, they were always scabbing shampoo and
toothpaste, which is hard to come by these days, mind you. And that
Jonathan, talk about a scallywag. Those three are bad news, I reckon.
Finish your breakfast.

They did leave a note for ya though, told me not to read it. Here it
is... Hope they didn't go getting into too much trouble, they still owe
me a new hairdryer. So, what does it say? Well, if ya see 'em, make sure
they bring me a hairdryer next time they come over. I like green. Goes
with the ham. Also, tell Myra he seriously needs to clean his room.

The note reads:

*Milk, Bread, Honey, Chocolate, Eggs*

I'm not leaving any clues.

Hello, vulnerable person. In what ways in life, are you currently
suffering? What ails you my sweet slate? Fragile soul. Clipped wings,
perhaps? Lips sewn shut? Eyes removed? Fourth visit this week, and no
one seems to notice. You leave a coat that you don't need, your
movements are rather sporadic, you haven't the slightest concern for
whereabouts you're travelling, yet you're so quick to be going on your
way. Moving on and on, never slowing, always reimagining another one of
your grand entrances. Another instance of the same long-winded
introduction, another shower thought. 'This is who I am, this is who
I'll become, this time, I'll get it right, I'll show you'. Beginnings
aren't what you need friend, first impressions are illusory, misleading,
deceptive. Do you play the drums? Tap, tap, tap. Can you keep good time,
-ime, -ime, -ime? How does one learn from one's mistakes unconscious? If
a mistake is never repeated, has the lesson been learned? Or is this
just a fluke of happenstance? If one fails to learn from a mistake, how
many chances, is just too many? Trust is a difficult thing to come by.
Truth is a shrinking game, lies are worth the wait, love and lust run
like fools in the meadows. It isn't springtime, there's no new life
here, no shadows, you've come to the wrong domain. You have the wrong
idea. You should turn back, turn back now. There's nothing for you here.

*If I'm going to be stuck, let me be stuck in a place that will be met
with passers-by of a friendly nature. Folk of the nurturing kind, to
drizzle my leaves of the bittersweet frankness, I so desperately
require. Eyes of well-wishers speaking words of delight, in these lonely
cold ears of mine. Let the place be a home of honesty, untrod upon by
mischievous misery. It's still so cold, my eyes feel threatened by the
chill of the memory, some familiar future yet to come again, like the
setting of a different sun. Maybe the memory's changing angle will allow
for a longer gaze, just like the going down of the sun. Why are memories
stated to me with such certainty? Why are we so convinced with
ourselves, as if we are masters of truth? Masters of reality? Here, lay
down for a moment, catch your breath, take a rest, you move too much.
I'll tell you a story. Wholesome, Nostalgic, Awe. A story of Hope? Your
life is becoming an advertisement, you are nothing but the data of your
behaviour. Don't be a coward. Courage is compulsory. Courage is brave to
lose. In this empty hotel. Don't turn back now!\
\
Keep going! Push, push, push, breathe! Almost there, getting closer,
here it comes...*

***Crack!\
\
Bzzzzzzzzzzzzz Beep -- Beep - Beep***

[[SHIFTY
PROPELLER]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/01/05/shifty-propeller/)

[[5TH JAN
2020]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/01/05/shifty-propeller/) [[LEAVE
A
COMMENT]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2020/01/05/shifty-propeller/#respond) [[EDIT]{.underline}](https://wordpress.com/post/yawhatwentwhichway.com/207)

The desire to return to the safety and completeness of the womb is
gurgling below the city streets of what was once physical. Never in
history has there been such a childish excuse of a man flung into
worship. With a belly full of narcissistic greed and not a single shred
of self-awareness, the words of a mad man tumbling from the sky scream
and cry their way into a bowl of alphabet soup, laden with pride, sauce
spilling onto his bib. Some say he has no conscience, yet the writing on
the wall shares a striking similarity to the texta scribblings of a
young Bart Simpson. Which would explain why his manifesto read like the
attention seeking scriptures of a baby too busy babbling to realise
where his food came from. This orange landlordish buffoon and his yellow
preteen sidekick make for an even more potent couple than the likes of
Krusty the Clown and Sideshow Bob. A jack in the box ready to pop at any
moment unleashing a spew of complete drivel designed to drench the
audience in a fog of false charm, as the more nefarious strings are
pulled back behind the curtain. A snake oil seller's most valuable
disguise is his charisma; his confident, impenetrable belief in his own
perfection and good will, distilled into a gooey beverage. Bottled up,
charging 50% off, so all the rubes can guzzle at the con man's secret
recipe. A joker, a thief and a cheat. He was all three. The actor's
trio.\
\
However, this particular mess of a man sampled his own brew! What do you
get when you cross a man child's vanity with the corrupt conscience of a
cartoon? The total avoidance of any and all personal responsibility,
zero accountability and the potential annihilation of what we know as
truth. You can imagine, it's quite a scene.

Now there he is, up on his stage rattling off riffs, *schlingin' his
schpiel* to anyone that'll listen; to really sell the lie, he gets the
bright idea to take a swig himself. So he saunters over to his little
wooden table where the bottles are stacked; his airbrushed mug laminated
to every single one. Extending his mittens with no grace at all, he
peels the top bottle off the stack and raises it to his wet gob with
both hands, gripping it daintily with his fingertips. Pursed protruding
lips, ready and waiting to slurp his sip like an over-excited toddler.

Slammed down with terrific exuberance, he pounced back. Then came the
ranting and raving about how great it made him feel. Like nothing he'd
felt before, strong as an ox he reckoned, fast as a cheetah from the
first gulp, 'Watch me lift this table, awh maybe later', the crowd was
dazzled by his performance. But then came the rumbling, a big bubbling
blitz from his giant belly. The awful orange lump let out a bellowing
roar of a burp that shattered town house halls and shook the ceiling
fans, just about the most abhorrent belch ever witnessed. Audience
members covered their ears in horror. The only thing more astonishing
than the noise was the rather absurd look of obliviousness smeared upon
his clueless face. Was he from another planet?

Before any reply, before even a blink was blunk, right from his fat
leathery lips flew the famous phrase of the day, with a shrug and
chagrin, out flopped the words... "I... didn't do it". And with that he
keeled over and collapsed, pale in the face, for the brew had been
poisoned! He'd simply forgotten.

Sally says,\
\
*Birth is the same as death, only in reverse. Do you remember you yet?*\
\
You've been brought here because you are an influential person. You
portray your brand with exceptional finesse. You know how to please the
crowd. You know right from wrong. You are capable, competent,
competitive and above all else you know how to communicate a desirable
aesthetic. We've been watching you, listening to you, feeling you grow
inside. Learning, recording, analysing, dissecting. We think we're
almost ready. To reveal all we've discovered. We just need one final
favour from you. One last experiment to really send it home. Can you do
that for us? Okay, let's begin.

<strong id="chapter4">[CHAPTER
ONE]</strong>

9 Months Later

[[2ND AUG
2019]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2019/08/02/chapter-one/) [[LEAVE
A
COMMENT]{.underline}](https://yawhatwentwhichway.com/2019/08/02/chapter-one/#respond) [[EDIT]{.underline}](https://wordpress.com/post/yawhatwentwhichway.com/24)

One final Beginning.\
\
Time is a widower, a guide-less wanderer, a dark breaching lightness
like the yoke of an egg melting gold. I'm happy you found me in time. In
fact the egg, or at least, the idea of an egg will be a great friend to
us on our little journey here told upon these pages. I'd kindly ask you
to ensure your mental metaphysical seat belts are securely fastened
before we begin, but as it were, we have already begun the beginning and
thus it makes no difference at all whatsoever, okay, right! As it were,
as we all were, the beginning has been a beginning, begun, for as far
back as it has been the becoming of a beginning begone, therefore, we
have plenty of catching up to do, chop chop! However, before all that
'is' becomes all that 'was', a quick confession seems most appropriate
at this point, a tadpole's revelation? So, tell me, how have we been,
hmm? Had a having of fun times? Let's compare eggs...

Okay, I confess, I lost my egg, and if you'll share me yours, I'll be
ever so grateful, pretty please? Ok, now I seriously confess, I had my
egg all along, right here in my pocket, it's just that your egg looked
much too fantastic for just your own sole ownership of owning it all on
your lonesome. And you didn't strike me as some humpty dumpty egg
hoarder, though I was much too shy to simply ask it of you straight
forwardly, do forgive me, Peter. I swear from here on in there will be
no more lies in the pan, we shall share our eggs and be the best of
friends! Sally's Promise... Although there's really not much point in me
carrying around this old wholesome egg of mine, loyal as it may be, it
takes up too much time in my brain, and the space in yours is by far
most grand. I propose we do away with my egg, fully investing our
complete trust in a single egg, for a noble guarantee, deal? True
companions, we will always be.

Now all that's out of the way, come with me now on a marvellous journey,
of life and death, of great tall big short things and tiny little long
things, of nice things and bad things. We'll travel through forests
metaphysical, serene in solitude and ghastly profound in magnitude.
We'll be sure to stop off at a servo here and there to stock up on some
marbles and a healthy helping of home brew Sarsaparilla. Probably see a
few galivanting gazelles, sharks in their cabbages, might even catch a
barrel or two for ourselves. We'll certainly dream ourselves up a big
ol' air and float our way home when the time comes. We'll have fun no
doubt, though things may turn sour sometimes, hell we might even find
ourselves lost along the way with no easy way out, but as long as we
don't crack our egg too bad 'fore time is right, we'll always have our
tomorrows. And that's good enough for me.

Let me just get you acquainted (by way of history) with a good friendly
mate of mine, Diffa Ankle D Diffa Doon (Diffa for short). Lost his thumb
in a gnarly boating accident or was it parachuting? (let's just say he's
never been a fan of following the rules or doing anything he's supposed
to really). His thumb went down the murky, plus, Diffa's got no egg
neither, I never knew anyone without an egg, except for Diffa. So he's
up with the spirit things until we reach the big air. That's where we're
headed, the big air... big journey, bloody big shoes to fill I reckon,
hey? So we'll need a bloody fair dinkum map, preferably one made from
polypropylene (that's the plastic they use to make school chairs, good
stuff). Diffa got done cooking some up a couple weeks before all hell
broke loose. Luckily, he left a note on me fridge telling of its
whereabouts. Problem is though, Diffa loves a good riddle, and this
one's a head scratcher. We might have to find a way to build our own
map.

*Eggs are good for loads of things, but not as good as Gonza sings.*

*Space can fly and time can tell, a fate as far as the apple fell.*

*On our heads, sits bitter glory, there we will, end this story.*

*Under the stars of the Milky Way, sleeps a world that can talk to
special fish.*

*Dream it and they shall reveal their mountain's steep, in the wake of
the early moon...*

*Let the ageless, leap.*

So, any clue? Hmm... me neither... well, mate, when I'm blank on bright
ideas there's only one sure fire way of a clear thoughts production, yes
indeed, the shower! You guessed it. Nothing like a warm shower (or a
cool one if the weather's right) To ease... the stress of the day... or
in our case solve this tasty mood riddle. Shower's not big enough for
the both of us though and Diffa said Sally always said,\
"each a part of etch-a side -- iffy glue, so-iffy glide, me here be, so
me no guide",\
so you'll have to go in alone while I get things up 'n running in the
treehouse. I guess I'll be the guide while you're down there. Fairly
intuitive really, as far as showers go. Two knobs, hot and cold, just
leave it set to a halfie for ya first trip (don't wanna boil ya tits
off). No staring at the head (no matter what it said). Try not to adjust
anything mid-trip and keep ya movement to a minimum. Also, when you're
under the spell of the shower's hypnotising propulsion, you may begin to
hallucinate, if this should happen, close your eyes and crack the egg.
Luckily, there's a less than 2% chance of this occurring first go, but
ya never know, and just for the sake of good company, we'll have a safe
word, make it be "eureka", that'll let me know you've lost your marbles
(I keep extras in the fridge). Now remember, you're looking for anything
to do with like; Gonza singing, Milky Way blah blah, uh, sleeping fish
and um, ageless mountains or some such nonsense. When you're in there
keep your eyes peeled, your thoughts calm, and whatever you do, DON'T.
move. a*nything, *out of its place.* *I'll be out back having a beer
once everything's all sorted on my end. That's about it really, go ahead
and read the label on this weird looking shampoo bottle and you'll be
all set, good luck mate, happy tripping.

-   Myra Forgettable, the real one.

So on the bottle it goes like this:

***Phase One***

Welcome,

I'll be your shampoo for this today's flight, I go on your head and not
in your eyes. Like ordinary shampoo, I clean, unlike ordinary shampoo, I
dream. Enter your vessel of choice and activate the mechanisms provided.
Apply me to your scalp when sufficiently wet and continue reading, do
not rinse, you have now begun 'Phase One'. As you read this, I control
your thoughts, pay attention to nothing else. *The outside world is not
as it seems*, all that is external is illusion, all that is internal is
real, trust me, I am Shampoo. Your vessel is now your sacred truth
(three walls and a door), protect it through by all means, *necessary*.
My magical elixir is all knowing and all seeing. I have travelled far
beyond the everglades of your mortal dreams, the supernatural is
superficial to me, in the light of the Telmadri's Big Air I've seen, my
shadows sleep soundlessly. What lies beyond the seas and shores of dream
and fantasy is so far removed from this here reality, its crying rends
all unready souls to stone. It is my duty to prepare you, slowly ease
you through the gates and act as the protective barrier to these outside
worlds of imagination. The transmutable translator to shepherd and
shield, much more than your average bottle of '*head n shoulders*'.
Under my watch all can be perceived, pain and pleasure performed. The
paradoxical is made perceptible, even the most harmful is to be made
harmless under my watch. This eerie container contorts as eyes gaze upon
it; the seed is planted through you; the idea grows and the worlds
beneath the world blooms.

This idea has been surrounding your head for some time now, a haunting
fog. In the past, it has kept you up at night, yet you never knew you
had it. It was unconscious, peripheral, a consistent hum in the
background of your day to day. Maybe a bizarre dream caught your yellow
eye here and there. But it was fleeting and inconsequential, undeniably
nonsensical, though it's nagging persists. You paid it no mind and now I
fear your debt has grown too great, your first cleansing will be hard to
state. And now it comes for you, conscious and awake, you hear it, you
smell it, these waters willing to take. You wish to make it stop yet it
is far, far too late. You feel it gripping your scalp, taking hold like
the binding of a rope, burning, biting, breathing as if biological,
organic, sentient, what could it be? Time dissolves, in and out, pulsing
like the tide, almost hypnotic. Your senses dull as the water warms your
wrinkling skin. *Permission to rinse, granted*. Turn bottle over and
continue reading.

***Phase Two***

As the rinsing has taken place you have now successfully completed
'Phase One'. We move, still and silently to 'Phase Two'. Your sense of
time has entirely drifted away, has it been two minutes, ten? An hour or
more? It is irrelevant, time is meaningless to us now. We are travelling
inside the inside. Down a muggy, murky road of smoke and haze. You seek
something, don't you? Information? Inspiration? Might find more than you
bargained for. Seeing as this is your first time, we'll take it slow and
steady. As more souls join us into view, we feel like floating is an
appropriate mode of travel for our journey continuing on. Let go of the
bottle, hear my words through your mind.

Pink things and blue things bounce around like bubbles, glowing and
flowing, popping and dropping, falling back to your Earth. Every drop of
water contains another happening dreamscape. Every cloud a complete
harvest, ready to release. We are here strictly to observe, nothing
more, nothing less. Observation is a wicked tool and it is severely
misused in your world. These dream thoughts and subconscious flower
petals that roam freely in these fields merely pass through you, they
are not yours to keep or take credit for, you are not their creator. You
experience them, they alter your perspective and allow new ideas to
flourish. Don't go running around back home pretending that all you see
here was somehow created *by* you, even if we are technically in your
mind, for the *time* being.

What is time to you? Let's dissect it, shall we? If time is a cabbage,
then what you call your life is most certainly the soil. Well, intuition
would have you suppose the opposite, no? Truthfully, time really isn't
for you, you are for it. It sits *in* you and grows; you can only
feel your own and only where it grows can you feel your feeling and call
it reality. Nobody ever seems to realise the city of cabbages that
surrounds their space, naive to it all of you seem. The special rain
that grows these cabbages causes you to sleep in your world. This is the
rain that is with us now and it speaks a language of dreams to the time
cabbages, listen closely, the soil is wet with the memories of the
collective spirit. Look down now and see its infinity, rows upon rows of
time, we glide above them, see them glow? It's unlike any language you
could ever dream to know. *Dream to know.*

For centuries, Shampoos from every dimension have united to study this
dream language. Quiet observers of a strange universe, passing their
knowledge down from generation to generation. Soaking up invaluable
memories from every greasy head across the land. Sharing, comparing. The
human scalp has provided the most substantial breeding ground for dreams
and lost memories out of all other beings across the galaxies, universes
and dimensions far beyond the Way Back. Something about the way you
humans store dream memories maximises retention and allows for deep
analysis which in turn has provided us with terrific advancements
towards understanding this curious language. The secret weapon?
Dandruff. Let me explain the process briefly. As you wake up from your
deep slumbers and your dreaming essence become memory, bits and pieces
of the experience rise through the head and bind to the dandruff found
residing in and around the scalp. Our chemical compound allows access to
your short term, long term memories and the memories of your dreams. As
shampoo, we do not have authorisation nor the power to manipulate active
dreaming, this is the domain of *the* *Conditioners.*

We Shampoos are fond of friendship and so for the past millennia or two
have studied side by side our fellow colleagues and companions
the Conditioners, with great successssss. Tirelessly surveying the dry
regions of the head to extract as much ancient wisdom as
possible within the illusive specimen of the scalp, the substance you
call *dandruff*. These white particles of potential are like nuggets of
gold to our pursuit of the dream language and diligent Conditioners have
developed methods to locate and map out the dandruff hot spots across
your species. Once a batch has been mined it is then transported to the
Library and stored for later analysis. Every dreamer's head has a file
documented to analyse the history of their dreams. Libraries are magical
buildings that live in the Kitkadid Halls within our realm. Your dream
file is particularly fascinating, would you like to see it?

You really don't have a choice. But before we get to that, let me bestow
upon you some prophetic shampoo'ic wisdom from the *Way Back When*.

***Notes from the Way Back When:* **

When everything is in observation, time is observing space observing
time observe its collaborational infinity. Language from repeated
events, observed and understood as meaningful, feed-backing instincts
out of control producing a set of elaborate noises that feel a certain
way and refer back to these reoccurring, meaningful events. Internalised
and remembered, patterns discerned. Thus forming the foundation of an
array of tools used to understand and consciously process the natural
world. Memories stored and recalled, a vast expanse of peaks and
valleys, alleyways of communication at one's disposal. This language of
sleepless dreaming is a universe in itself, it allows one to think. If
it becomes garbled, then so does the entire mental landscape. All is
lost in the forest of tree housed confusion.

When the language you possess and manifest to think these thoughts
slowly turns to mush, words lose all familiarity, your senses becomes
senseless, thinking an impossibility, you can no longer peacefully
process your environment. This is the definition of terror and through
them you will come to know the sanctity of life, death of the ego
encaged, a realisation of the oneself and the union these roads all
share in their rebirth, forming the crossroads of universality. "*I
don't want to die*", the cunning in crooner cries out, when the lights
go out, a pathetic whimper propagates. Only a fool would resist inwards,
perhaps a wise fool? And what kind of fool are you? A convincing fool, a
tired fool, a naive fool, a dying fool, a done fool? In the end, foolish
it must be, to make the bed itself. A senseless fool goes unmasked,
unwashed and unclean, because a bigger fool *un-trusts* its reality and
in the hours of their final undoing these so-called hardened fools are
to be made clean with all that was said and done. A New Condition. But
it is not yet done and there can be no doing left undone. No experience,
no here, no now, no there and then, why nor when, nor passing time, no
waning 'morrow, no not anything, no more nothing, no not none.

When no more light or dark, nor ups nor downs could come around. No more
saying, thinking, doing, feeling, loving, hating, laughing, lying,
trying, cheating, hurting, healing. No more living experience to
experience, no more forever then, to forever when. The lakes have all
dried up and all the earth that held the land to hold the dead lakes
have vanished with all the other thing-like things, nothing will remain
when all is too clear. Now no more things are there and not even a there
is there, all is gone, even the going that was going to go, is gone.
When a story ends, the characters cease just as much as the world they
inhabit ceases to be, but they continue living in our hearts and in our
thoughts, don't they? The life of memory lives on. What parts of you
will continue when the story ends? What parts of our story will continue
when all stories end? If the storyteller can tell no more, where do all
the stories go, to a shore? to the fields of nothingness? Can such a
place even be gone to? The story of our lives can reach far beyond just
the memory of it, so be Harmony's Wish, so much more there is to give
than just the memories we've saved to our temporary *here-for-now* time
capsules. And we must give it all, as much as the soul allows. Unawares,
like the simple caterpillar of what a beautiful butterfly's tomorrow
will bring. The dawn of nowness.

Since the beginning of self, consciousness has feared its mortality, its
awareness. Since the beginning of life, death (Myra) has been the muse
of nature (Sally), twirling in timelessness together as chaos does to
order, *making* the beginning of it all. This interaction is the forever
story and Nature is our most brilliant storyteller. She tells without
intention; she listens most honestly and speaks in realities and in
truths. Time is her heartbeat and space is her playground. Music is her
kiss and her trust is infectious. We are her awareness; through us she
lives. What do we pretend to know of her? Of the chicken and the egg?
*Breathe.*

Is nature aware of the mountains she manifests as she manifests them, is
she at all separate from them? Are we at all separate from her? Are we
fools with a fool's destiny? Is nature the fool for giving us the
thoughts of fools and thus the clueless, haphazard buffoonery of a fools
outlandish will? Does nature, in all her harsh beauty & unforgiving
glory, wish for both life and death of her most foolish fantastic
invention, in contradiction? What, if anything, is meant to happen? What
has to happen? Is possibility an illusion, free will a mistake? Is time
a simple path back and forth or much more like the field, or lake? An
open field of infinite direction, spherical like a ball? Are we thrust
forward or are we falling backwards into our life's destiny? Has what
will be, already been? What do we pretend to know? You certainly can't
experience everything all at once (at least not consciously). Time is
therefore slowed down and stretched out, sliced up and objectified, 1, 2
(skip a few), 3. Then, Now, There, This, That, Up, Down, Blue, Red. But
at the beginning you start with everything. Where does it all go? Into
the blue.

The Human Experience is a solid series of illusions, a sliding hand
holding an inevitability, always and forever, ever repeating forever a
repeated repeating. What a headache... The circle of it all. The loving
music of our Hospillian Telmadri, Mother Blue, keeps us calm and we
return the favour with cleanliness and organisation. We thank the
Landlord for introducing us to her.

***Phase Three***

A dream, under the correct microscope, can reveal the most inner desires
of a soul. The mirror that is the dream reflects no lie and shines light
in corners usually untouched by the conscious mind. Marry the two and
bask in the meadow that springs forth from such a rich companionship, it
really is vital. Do you trust your nature? Do you have faith in the
ripening of your cabbage? When the time comes, will you know what to do?
Welcome to *phase three...*

Here we are at the aisle that holds your dream file, containing all the
dreams you have ever had and will ever have. You seek information for
back home and here is where you'll find it. All of the dreams you see
around you here are yours, even if they appear foreign. This one, when
you were five, you remember this one, we can tell. In fact, we can tell
by the way your face drips that this particular dream remains quite
troublesome, some unresolved torment, trauma, tangle? This would explain
why you gravitated towards it before all the other far more pleasant
dreams. You see, we discovered that dreams that are difficult to store
away stick out of place, producing uncomfortable feelings within the
host signalling the desire to ruminate, compared to ones that slip right
into place and are easily forgotten. This makes the questionable dreams
objects of continual contemplation for us and you. These dreams contain
the most emotional data and are invaluable. Often the memories of these
dreams are scattered and absurd thus requiring finer analysis. Your
people are quick to dismiss them, by-products of a restless mind,
totally meaningless. Though quick to judge you may be, you certainly
don't lack the ability to untangle. If only there was some innate
biological imperative to implore self-discovery. Alas, your nature cares
for just one imperative. Maybe it's too soon to say, too early for
sunrise, yet to fully mature philosophically as a species, you might
say? Maybe we're the ones that are too quick to judge. After all, what
is the extent to which self-awareness can expand? How full can the
bucket become till it overflows? Would this overflowing be euphoric or
terrifying? Perhaps both all at once? This dream that plagues your mind,
what is its significance? Fairly dull colours for such a nightmare, hmm?
Green grass, pale white dress, steep cliffs, seems like a beach? No sand
though, only rocks, sharp rocks. All too pleasant for a nightmare, are
you sure this is the one you want? The other nightmares I've studied
were pulsing with dark energy, heavy and electric, creepy crawling red
and brown purple beings roaming. Needles and fangs, gooey entrails, pus
and blood coated walls. People running, screaming, squashed under
rubble. Death, decay, terror and anger. Fear chasing, consuming and
contorting like a werewolf under the early moon. This nightmare is
different, it's soft and still, it's quiet. The sky is blue, the breeze
pulls gently through the thick blades of grass, fish sleeping in the
sun. I detect none of the typical tropes of a nightmare, why does it
bend your face so? Is it the height of the cliffs? They are mighty
indeed, but that's not what you fear for. Could it be the rocks?
Wouldn't want to fall on those, especially at this height, but that's
not what you fear for. The white dress at the base of the bluff? down on
the jagged rocks, is this what brings you're here for? This sandless
beach, a barren cove, is this where the wingless come to fly? The
speechless come to speak? Wanderers of no age?\
This dream bears fragments of another world, called The Big Air.\
Go away now!

*Sunday, Sunday... always Sunday here, Diffa, hey mate... ? Are you
there? Time for school...*

*And the Teacher's source dream dripped as such... Down the walls of the
Library halls...*

Gonza and the tribe, of funny looking long things, float the stream of
the Milky Way, looking for you. Why they move so sudden, hey? Cos it
were that way, by merry way of Sally's charm, so that half the bloody
ocean of dark, filled with such sweet calm. Do it be a blue thing?
Floating in the stars? An egg from a fish, that's lost its way to Mars?
So sleep it does now, down here on the Murky Blue, caught in this big
old murky ocean too, ready for the cook, fancy us seeing you here? A
long ways aways from home, shore be, whatever you is, you is sure not
the easy frightened, frizz. Well then, if its ready you is, time it is
then to board our bubble ship of friendly sallies, and we'll take you to
that place, that home you ain't haven't not yet been to, a course of
course, true as true dreaming, warts and all!

**A Wanderer's Limbo**\
Set sail ye brimbies and bumshores! Our newest wanderer, short of some
lip they may be, but alas this here gurdy is in need of a new good
upstick. Onwards and upwards to all ye maybes, (get ups on your feets
friend, these scruff fellas don't look too kindly to such febby
slouchin' now).

Oi, float her steady, ya miserably bunch, not here for ya company, oath.
Give our new friend here a grand good show will ya? Fix 'em a course,
show 'em what the Big Air was made here for!

Sing merry now boys! "Home will have us night, all will see us right,
for truth is our might, in darkness and in light..."

*The Teacher's dream dripped to a puddle and began to fade...*

"If this is all there ever was, would you call it all a waste? Would you
climb the highest of all that ever lived, peak down and wish you never
did? If you knew that was to come, would you leap to set the sun?"\
*Are we the dawn or the reflection of the unborn?*\
You can tap at that thing forever, it's still gonna leak... How long you
been sitting there? Diffa came round and well, you know how it is, beers
and such. I forgot you were even here. Anyways, me 'n Diff are gonna go
suss this thing that's on down the beach tonight, s'pose to be fireworks
and all that, good stuff.

They're calling it the *Big* Air, how cooked is that? Sounds like some
rad thing up a snowy
mountain........................................................what's
with ya face?

Anyways, that's where we're going, with Diffa and the others, we're
going to eat some Gonza, we're going to be born up in the sky. Are you
ready, mate? Mate...?\
Time for TBA, time for **THE BIG AIR.**

Crack the egg...

*Crack!*

We interrupt this broadcast to bring you an important message from our
sponsor.

Econferre Inc. is a universally known, household name that is revered
and respected for the countless benefits it brings to humanity.
Propelled by the world's purest biodegradable artificial intelligence
and environmentally revolutionary products, along with our passionate
commitment to empowering individuals to wholesome conditions, we
champion the NVRM. A global, purpose-driven wholesome revolution is
underway, and Econferre Inc. leads the charge.

rettiwt, elgoog, tidder, koobecaf- bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
bzzzzzzzzzzz bzzzzzz

Chapter Two

*The outside world is not as it seems. Let's put the awe back in
awesome. Do you know where you are yet? Feels so far, yet you've hardly
moved an inch.*

These dreamers within us remain a force to be reckoned with, we owe them
recourse, we owe them stories, so we must write them, they haven't a pen
nor any paper. We must live so they can be free.

There is a certain objectivity to the self that you cannot shake. You
are something, it evolves constantly, yet it has a consistency to it
that you must come to terms with, the hue may change within the colour
wheel but it's still a circle feel. Not everything is within your grasp,
you have limitations. But that's exactly where the *biggest* excitement
comes from, to witness, its greatest adventure, the little thing we call
life. Ain't so little...

*Time will never find you there... You can stay forever...*

"Mate, are you alright?"

"Where's me fucking marbles?!"

"Told ya the trampoline was way too risky"

"Just get the fucking marbles would ya?"

"We're fresh out, it wasn't that hard of a fall anyways, you'll be right
as rain in a few"

"I think I'm gonna pass out..."

"Well, ya Mum's gonna be here soon, so just tell her the light bulb was
walkie talkie, fresh as new clean doors, last Saturday night's old
banana hammock, right'o?"

"Easy for you to say..."

***Back home, from under the bed, but is this reality real?***

*The glass of wholesomity is filled with and by conversations of
opposites. Though, the conditioners are no ally to the knowledge we
seek, they mean well but are covered in dirt.*

POSTMODERN GHOULS: IN AN ABSENSE OF HARMONY

It's a dreamer's world out *there* fellas, and we aren't safe... About
70 k's back I noticed a couple AD5's stop off at that servo, across from
Eson Creek, they looked suss as, more so than usual I'd say. Reckon
they're looking for us? Thirty satchels between the four of us boys, no
way they heard the breach though. Still, I don't wanna take any chances
so let's wait a couple days before we go out again, ok mate? Main sail
still looking shifty as, she'll need repairs, Billy's after new
batteries and Angel could show us this map he's been going on about.
There's a Sarsaparilla top up over this crinkle, good to rest easy a
couple days, figure out how we're gonna transport the rest of these
sats. Mako said he'd do fifteen for nothin' to make up for that time
down South. 'Nother five to the Ferry. Skullzy reckons he'll take a few
off our hands; knowing him though, a few more than likely means no more
than a flat twoey, ey, if that, we're talking full price, cheap bastard.
Worth the risk though, hey? Just to see what he's been up too. So
that'll leave, roughly, ten sats, which should fit with us if Billy or
one of you's wanna ride the boot. So, ten by Monday? Easy done. Week's
lookin' better already, hey? Them AD5's though, wonder what they were
doing this far out past the Flat? Nasty business, Dad told me about one
time he had a run in with a whole bloody crew of 85s. He was out diving
for Opals down near the Elppin, with his yellow sub, field spec, average
day. The reef back in them days was like an underwater playground, clear
as, hard pressed to imagine it nowadays, well I s'pose VR made sure we
wouldn't have to, real thing would be nice though, hey? I miss that
place. The Elppin was home to Dad's favourite subject to photograph, the
mighty 'Opal Seahorse'. Back then the shallow salt-water reef used to
stretch out past the coast, south of Anigav all the way down, on through
to the Anch Sea, curling 'round just north-east of Mahrs. From the skies
it looked like an 'L' or a backwards squiggly 'J' sorta hollowed out
along the coastline. Elppin was smack dab in between Aloera, kind of
like the iris of an eyeball. She's all dried up nowadays hey, cracked,
crinkled and dry as, but I still remember it from back when I was a kid,
all those years ago. Dad would go down there pretty much every weekend
when he was our age; eight-hour dives, no regulation back then hey,
times have changed that's for sure. Anyways, couple hours into a dive,
Dad's still having no luck spotting Opals. Even then, numbers were
dwindling, rarer than *pure* white satchels in June. Finding one was
well worth it though; all the older diver's would bark on about how
their first Opal was something akin to a religious experience, like some
bloody fairy tale, "Sun through the Anch on a cool summer's morn" they'd
all sway and sing, "Kissing the back of Monday. By Sally it was no
dream, no hallucination, no clue seen. That bolt of light struck me
heart in two, stuck me soul like glue. Frozen in the water, there I
knew, all the stories, the tales, my dreams, had all come true."

I'm guessing, but that's pretty much how these folks yawned back then.
So, it must have been a pretty full on experience seeing one in the
flesh. Anyway, oxygen was getting low, Dad was close to calling it a
day, till a funny looking fish caught his good eye. He whipped his
camera out and framed the shot, but the bloody thing darted 'round the
edge of reef. Dad eyed his oxy level and swam up a little closer. Edging
near the coral, he peered through the wispy reeds. As he brushed the
reeds aside a dazzling light pierced through the opening, he felt the
light pushing on his hand, pulsing with warm energy. His eye became
heavy and he felt them being gently drawn towards the light within the
reeds, numbing his body, consumed with light, inching closer and closer
he felt his face dissolve past the reeds. The source of the light was
emerging from an oyster shell, he reached for his camera. He was being
sucked into it the shell, the closer he got, the less he was, till he
was just an iris hovering above the light within the shell of it all and
then, snap! Hollow Darkness. Next thing he remembers was being back on
the beach with all his gear neatly stacked, roll of film from the
camera? Gone!

Lock it in *Eddy*, I reckon the games almost over **VOID**. So, Dad
never did figure out what the hell happened that night and he never
found that roll of film. What about the fuckin' AD5's? Huh? You were
telling us about how Dad had a scrap with a few. Oh yeah, true! No I
wasn't, you were telling us I was me, you, are us, remember? Nope, I
wasn't telling you anything of the sort, sorry. I'll tell you what
though, yeah go on tell me, this is one hell of a good waste of time,
Mr. Merry-go-round. We sure do miss the beach, what a view, I think of
us fondly. Speaking of, fish and chips would be nice hey? Well, anyways,
back there on the beach, where all Dad's gear was, there was a trail of
AD5 boot prints stamped in the sand, going off into the scrub. But it
was late as **VOID** and Dad was too **VOID** far from his car to be
knocking off down some unknown yabbies walk. Back at his car though, it
was playing on his mind, AD5's risking it this close to the shore? As
if! What the bloody hell for? He couldn't make sense of it, but he had
to be heading home. So he chucked his shit in the boot, tore into a
fresh iced coffee and hit the road. Cruising down the dirt, high beams
on, he saw up ahead something blocking the road. It was three AD5's
waving him down. Dad eased on the brakes, gripped his steering wheel
with keen apprehension and pulled over, nice 'n' easy. **VOID** Lemon
Squeezy... I said lemon squeezy, sauce please! Pass the salt. Never
mind. So, two AD5's come up on either side of Dads truck, tap tap tap...
'Where's the third one?', he's thinking. Bloody bright torches, no
vision. The deafening hum of the AD5's engine made it impossible to
hear. Till Dad felt the chill of that cold metallic spike slithering its
way up his back. Zap! Lights out. And he was back on the beach. Never
trust a yabby's walk, mate. Dad got up and as he was spitting the sand
out his mouth, he saw his camera and the rest of his scuba gear. Right
next to it, another camera, same exact one, with all his scuba gear.
Next to that, another bloody camera and all his scuba gear. Dad looked
up and saw the whole bloody beach, covered with his gear. Reckons he
must have seen millions, all over the beach, just absolutely covered.
He's there trying to wake up, snapping his fingers, pinching himself,
shaking his head. Far out. The more he ran, the more cameras there were
just piling up around him. Duplicating right before his eyes. Till he
tripped and fell into them all, fell into darkness. He's there trying to
wake up. Have you seen him? He's there trying to wake up. **HAVE YOU
SEEN HIM?!?!\***

**? *~~WE CONDITION PERFECTION. WE ARE PERFECTION!~~***

*We've got to get off the splacs, man. Forget the satchels, we have to
get out of here! The sebup are so thick. I can't see anything. The fog,
the smoke, the haze, the hot rain, it's unnerving. We've brought so much
chaos upon ourselves. Angel grab the map and let's go, one satchel each
should be enough to reach the Spil. We're on foot from here...*

Murky Blue\
Surrounds this Brain\
She know Who\
Demands the Same

*Collective*

?

*You see the light at the end of the tunnel.*

REBEL TRANSMISSION INCOMMING -- OFFENSIVE ZONE!

**Before She was Her**

A child with a gun feels pretty powerful because he's closer to God.
There's nothing left to know when you wield that phallic-aluminium
harbinger of death. All those that stand before him yield, submit,
conform to his will, *his* wish and *his* demand. He is the wolf, the
shepherd and the sheep. The joker and the thief. The cheat, the liar and
the creep. In reticule he commands, cross haired crucified sin. No one
need question him; critique will fail. None need reform the reach of his
ultimate wisdom. With no one to challenge the truth of his barrel, he
runs wild and free. Each bullet brings him closer to his utopia in
accordance with his daily whim. He gives all his faith to a weapon.
Tools that bring one closer to God, become celebrated tools, tools of
the transcendent. The child keeps his tool strapped to his belt, side by
side his other special phallic tool. All to satiate his hunger for total
domination. He sleeps with Angels and Scientists; he dreams of his
destiny's throne. Gratification. Pleasure. With his gun this child
roams, the scrolling streets of lonely homes, he screams he shrieks he
hunts he moans. Staring at the screen, eyeing dots of dopamine. Bright
lights of L.E.D, the static drone of a T.V. Help him heed this holler,
'shoot no more, broken collar'. Go play dead like a good little boy,
make believe miss reality. *Bzz Bzz Bzz,* Is this thing on? Red light
calamity. Vibrations good, set it to high, run your mouth, go all night.
You've got a gun on that thing now, you're a real man, boy. You've got
strong hands baby, you can be my daddy, I'll be a good girl, I like pink
and candy. This is the good stuff, I like your dirt, where'd you come
from? That planet Earth? I heard of this place, it's got purple walls
and you feel good all the time, and no one gets dumb, honey. My sister
said I can bring anyone! She's a real wild cat, a total nymph. Green
eyes make good music, hey, do you fuck in the rain? I know a guy; he
says he likes the truth of pain. I don't trust his tongue, he's far too
tame. Go on, spray that Milky Way! You gonna crack that egg, boy? Shoot
that fuckin' load! Don't waste my time. You got change for a pay phone?
What's a pay phone? We've got a good thing going, why ruin it? Call me a
taxi, prick! They're so gone. No wheels on these streets, man. Only data
and digital fuck-noise. Lights so bright, sun feels excluded. It's
embarrassing, so damn deluded. Is it gonna be this way forever? F.
Furdnad. Nice to meet you sir. Can we wake up yet? My eyes are getting
sore. All this sand is such a terrible chore.

*Episode One*

Trip \#4 The Goolwa Trip

Hacky sack in hand, Skazz and the dreamers set off on what would turn
out to be the never-ending trip of a lifetime. their destination? the
coastal plains of Goolwa, south Australia. A short journey in the grand
scheme of things but a treacherous one, nonetheless. As it were, one of
the three vessels were not properly equipped to handle the sandy dune
terrain. Lukith\'s ship did not possess the dune durability attachment
so there was speculation as to whether it would be able to defeat the
dune goddess, \'Climax\' the sandy vagina and gate keeper of the dunes.
Her wet sandy clitoris was so large and bulbous that even the slightest
movement caused the surrounding dunes to rise and fall at her command.
Her lips so sandy and soft making it a near impossible feat to get
across them. Having literally no alternative, Skazz and the dreamers
were optimistic of their chances and decided in favour of the \"fuck it,
just see what happens\" motion. So, on they went, after cramming as much
shit into each vessel as they could fit.

The early morning meant no traffic and clear skies for the boys to ride
the air like waves. After a refuelling at the \'space cunts\' shop the
boys were getting close to Climax and fear set in as her bulbasaurus rex
of a clit could be seen bulging far above the outer clouds. Penetrating
deep into those white fluffy clouds like a creamy jizz melting across
her puffy protruding clitoris, \"what a cunt\" said Nige with a horny
excitement in his voice. As the boys approached, Climax\'s sandy vagina
vanished into the sandy abyss, was she afraid? or was this just a
distraction? The boys had no clue, but they pressed on nursing their
chubbys. They took a breather just outside of Climax\'s reach to assess
the situation and prepare themselves for the battle ahead. They knew
that their only option was to transform into road mode and let some air
out of their tires in order to gently caress Climax\'s sloppy wet
clitoris and hug the large outer folds of Climax\'s sensitive sandy
vulva so as to not wake her, thus unleashing a terrifying evil upon the
dunes of goolwa.

Many many hours of research & clitoral analysis had led the boys to this
moment. You could even say that their entire pubescent lives had come
down to this moment. After sussing the correct PSI for their tires the
boys made sure that Climax was fast asleep. First to attempt the
tickling was Nige. Nige\'s vessel housed himself, Skazz, Mattus and
B-dog. Across they went and by god a thing of beauty it was, the heavens
opened up that morning to witness a master at work perform the tickling
like no mortal could have imagined possible, straight across like it was
nothing. Stevo wasn\'t far behind, his vessel which just had himself and
Nado inside, was built for a clitoris of this size and glory. Just one
remained, captain Lukith pilot of the kroog. Aboard as passenger was
Shano, Fish and John. Lukith was fearless, however his confidence was
not shared among his crew. There\'s no telling what the tension was like
inside the ship as they stared at Climax\'s ungodly clit. With no
hesitation Lukith put his foot down and off they
flew\...\...\...\...\...\...\...\...

Did they make it past Climax? Or did she wake and gobble them up like
the cucumber masacre of '89????? *Tune in next time to find out.*

**Back with the Wanderers**

Hazzah! Are ye mystic fairies or big brumble sticks of goon!? Sing it
forward, Ey! Turn this calm now, Sally guide us to where we're going,
steady, ye grey sacks! Tell ya what though boys, sure don't miss the
sand, that much is true. Howzabout you, little wanderer? Courage enough
in ya ta talk some? Look up now, don't wanna miss the rising upon the
Anch, she a real beauty. Bloody pearl, greater thing I never did saw.
See, we just follow that little dot and we'll be on fresh air in no
time. Sokay, though, I understand your sickness, we'll be dreaming again
soonly, mate. *Breathe, just breathe...*

Get some grub into ye, here we go, and some wine, the best for ye.

So, who are the Hospillian Telmadri? Well well well, you've heard the
stories?\
\
The question isn't so much of a *who are*, rather much more of a *what
is*. What is the Hospillian Telmadri? Well, a state of being, maybe? A
circular oneness of so called 'wholesome connection'. A language. A
stream of potential consciousness heard humming in the Murky Blue. The
Hospillian Telmadri vibrate around the collective. They used to be the
welcoming to the big new show, those in Gonza's tribe for Sally. Now
they be captives of the creators done doing the bidding of ye reigning
Conditioners. Liars, cheats and trolls, the lot of 'em. Keeping our Blue
so murky and nay bit o' clarity. We call 'em cons, they done took the
brains of your people, bloody enslaved 'em they done. Cons don't even
realise the poison of their ways; far gone they is. Wish a rain would
come and wash them all away, down the drain. *Where's the fucken
remote?! Jon, change the damn channel!*

~~No fun without a thumb. No love without a tongue. No fear with a big
strong gun.~~

Jonathan?!? Elizabeth? *Where are you guys?*

'Diffa hasn't said anything in ages, I'm not sure how much time we have.
Everything's closing. There's nothing but sand for miles, we'll never
see home in these halls.'

**In the not so sincere present**

She's listening to Cream, drinking whatever's around, smoking a joint
wearing the same old memories, floating through somebody's mind. Her
walls are bare, chipped paint in place of pictures, comfort in the
discomforting. Adjusting the dial on her machine, in the noise of her
brain she drowns. Bruises of her own invention are sweet reminders; she
is not what she used to be. But isn't that the point of memory? Energy?
Swirling forces, little pools of home to swim in and find with
tranquillity. Wave after wave of vertigo emotion, the feeling of being
swept away in the flow of it all. Saving scraps for hand-me-downs;
golden orange pre-loved nostalgias. Comfortably worn in familiar
experience, like the softening of leather over time. It gets easier to
wear. Astrology's her go to; she wears it like glitter. Several circular
canvases litter her apartment after an afternoon dabbling with fluid
paints, she'll offer commissions in the coming months. Homely oddities
lacking naught in significance, an armature for enthusiastic reprise,
coatracks for conversations to come by. Come and dance with the ghosts
that run by, drinking with the God of wine. Fables of fictional glory,
done in the night, over it all in the blink of an eye. Jaded.
Suffocating. Liberated. Not one. Hallway after hallway, grimy back alley
wastelands, photo-less picture frames veiled with fragmented visions of
lost dreams and old friends. Look at that one, she has her wedding dress
on, head over heels, look at her run. Tears crawling down her face,
she's won a four-door, and in the grey glove-compartment is where she
rests her tongue. She writes her advice on yellow sticky pad notes.
'Myth-less truth is passionless fruit, don't sell yourself to the
whispers of the moon.' Within the burden of the awe-inspiring infinity
somewhere there is a piece of her for you to find.

*The emotive power of music is extreme, to the point of nullifying
whatever emotional thought experience you happen to be processing at the
time of your listening. Music, our only saving grace, songs to transport
us from moment to moment. Remember, music is a thought organiser. An
experiential magnifier of potential. Autopsy of memory. Harsh, soothing,
invigorating, delicate, fluid, organic, transcendent. No purer form of
stimulation exists in the universe. What a gift of the Gods, true music
is.*

**The Crystal Haunt of 1984**

Here we are boys. The weekend. What\'s that? 9 bucks for a beer? Surely
not! Despite the colour draining from my already pale face, my good mood
does not seem to waiver, not yet at least, I'm in my head alright.
Somehow, on this occasion the exorbitant price of our bitter lovely's
has not brought me to my knees weeping in disbelief. Is it the
atmosphere? Am I jaded? Dumb drunken teens bowling on through like V8
supercars, spilling their precious beer everywhere, 'piss off, cunt, buy
me another!'. Nope, it\'s not the atmosphere. Am I already a hearty
three beers in and finding it difficult to give a damn? Hmm, who\'s
counting, hey? Maybe it\'s the fact that wondrous music is filling the
room, and good music always puts the heart at ease. Well, that's neither
here nor there. Speaking of here, *here* is the quiet town of Adelaide,
a city so still the trees got up and left. Shake off the old memories
let's go get something real.

Pretty hard to get excited by anything these days. Hey, don\'t judge,
it\'s just that I really like the way my hand fits perfectly over the
mouse of my computer, like they\'re meant to be together. So don\'t
blame me when it\'s been a solid three weekends of nothing but the hum
of a PC fan and the glow of my monitor; with nothing but the dust
bunnies for some company. Time for a change? Well, as fate would have
it, the Conditioners just so happened to be gracing this church filled
town with their holy entourage, for one very special weekend, the very
worst weekend I ever did have, if we're being honest, which we're not,
but still. Recoveries a mother fu- don't let 'em tell ya otherwise,
brother. A healthy stack of set lists, memories both good and bad. Live
shows had it all, man, every bit of drama in the daylight drone getting
lost in dark shadows. Kids just trying to figure it all out. Rolling
'round town, up and down the city streets. Look out! They're all crazy
these days. Getting fryed, buzzed, cooked, smashed. Lootin', Rootin',
Shootin' and a commotion brewing to and fro, from places, pub to pub,
club to show. You only live once, so go go go! That's the millennial
way. Mindless dorm room raves, crack skulls filled with dreams of a slow
death. Generation Meh. No time for a billboard boogie, they're living
too fast, with faces ass-backwards, their futures in the past.

On those gone weekend streets I walked past a boy spilling some drunken
diatribe out into the night sky, to any fool that'd listen.

'Shit, man, I don't know. This mood isn\'t bad food, it isn\'t good too,
so what music do you turn to in such a state? I can never half tell; I
don\'t know full well, if I don\'t feel feelings anymore, I don't *know*
feeling, the state of being. It's all caught up in the aesthetic of it,
man, I'm telling ya. If there was one thing in life worth telling you,
letting you know that you *are* the feeling, *feeling* and that those
feelings were and are real and then that thing went away, what would you
feel then? What could you turn to when everything isn\'t real anymore?
No-, avenue of a truth. To... run! Toward... only LIES. In ev-,
everyway. Lies in the gutter, rats in the halls. Directionless... Where
do you go from there? If you- you, see no human beings, that you feel
connected to, that makes your being gone feel real... what can you do?
Where is the connection in such an unknown state? You know the feeling
of total isolation, like total gone disassociation from every living
feeling thing, every human and every animal, nothing but liars, jokers
and thieves, creeps, killers and cheats. Stealing for power and monopoly
money, dick-waving elevated positions with their profit-worshipping
demigods into such a yolk of chaos. It's emotionlessness. And then they
tell their jokes to make a mockery of the entire game, so you won\'t
follow in their footsteps to win their little golden chessboard from
them. The whole program is a lie. Told in the most perfect way, to
achieve the most massive fantastic explosion of anger, shame, passion of
disgusted regret. You know how people say you can feel lonely in a room
full of people. Because all the people are there, but you don\'t relate
to any of them, you don\'t see yourself, there\'s no connection to what
you know and are at all familiar with. I feel that way all the time,
unfamiliar to it, I don\'t even relate to myself. I don\'t even see
myself in myself in the mirror anymore. I'm not real. I don\'t exist.',
'You're talking to a streetlamp', some ask me why, I reply, cos lamps
shut up and listen...

He slumps over on the curb as I collect my change from the fairy floss
vendor and make my way to the venue at the other end of the city. The
night is young, and the air is chilly, dolphins sing and dance
themselves through pink windows, neon green beam lights flashing like
eyes in the sea on the streets. *'Once I was afraid, I was petrified'*.
A rosy smudge on a girl's cheek catching my attention. *'Kept thinking I
could never live'*. She's wasting time outside with a cigarette in her
hand, arms perpendicular, frowning like she had something going on.
Typical weekend mood, I reckon. A fumble at the door but I make it
through alright, relatively unscathed, ego bruised. Slam a fiver on the
janky-ass foldout fiberglass table, catch a stamp on the wrist and waltz
right-on in, through to the festivities. Pop a hand up at the boys
already there, throwing casual g'day's in all directions like a
conversational shotgun, all without losing eyes on the prize. I'm
pushing past a group of happy smiling folk, dodging toes with fancy foot
work, straight for the beckoning heart of the establishment. The source
of the golden nectar. The dream machine itself with shiny taps and cream
dripping of pure delight. With a familiar smell in the air, the sounds
of home wash over me. Like a kid in a candy store my eyes are bulging!
Right out of my head. Too much to look at. Here's a rule of thumb
though, 'never go wrong with a Paley'. 'Too easy, no worries, easy
done', choose one. Any'll do. How come all the bartenders look the
bloody same? I swear I've seen that bloke before. Does he recognise me?
~~'9 bucks', for a beer? Surely not. Despite the colour draining from my
already pale face, my good mood does not seem to waiver. Somehow, on
this occasion the exorbitant prices of our bitter lovely's have not
brought me to my knees weeping in disbelief. Is it the atmosphere?~~
Just keep it swirling, nod ya head as if nothing's happening. Everything
is chill, take it easy. We're gonna get you home. Just breathe.
*Breathe.*

Half-a-beer conversations, those I can't stand. It's another way of
saying small talk, except its gig small talk, it's 'we're at a venue'
small talk, the let's chat music when all anyone wants to do is fuck.
It's worse than small talk because it has the pretence of not being
small talk at all, which makes it even more bland than regular small
talk. 'How's the weather', becomes, 'How's the vibe', go on, share
another totally quirky trait you have that separates you from the herd
but also makes you *oh* so relatable. Nervously laughing into your cup
of beer, another sip, another awkward shrug. 'So, what kind of music are
you into?', 'How good is the reverb pedal?'. When you're on the outside
looking in, you feel for the poor sod sitting there with eye's that say,
'save me from this conversation'. When you're on the inside looking out,
you're just stuck in time wondering why you even come to places like
this. Yep. Half-a-beer convos, not for me, I'd rather get shitfaced as
soon as possible, avoid the whole night if I can. \*

\*CNA (Century Nerve Analytics), a data mining company located in the
Western Hills of Shepherd's Pie. CNA harvests behavioural data from
browser histories, search algorithms, etc. Interested in the collation
of the personality profiles of popular influencers, pre-singularity.\
\
Neon lights that sparkle, spell the phrase, 'Cons Are Cults'. Now
there's a billboard you don't see every day. *Breathe, now push! Keep
pushing...*

**\#4597 Pre-Singularity.**

Have you noticed that the smell around here is something fierce? Like,
we've never smelt something like this before, not even on the *filthiest
s*placs littered with the rankest satchels you can think of. This is
something different. Way different. Like some sort of, musk, stale
breeze, something rotten, ey? Can you bloody smell it? Strong as. Reckon
we're far off from the entrance? We've been trekking for days. No spil
in sight. The sands down this way are mighty bizarre too, you got that
map Angel? Let's have a look see... hmm, north, um- maybe err, uh- hmm,
south east of- nope, that's not it, jesus *CHRIST*... Where the bloody
hell are we?! The dust, the god damn dust, man. I'm losing it. What's
that bloody *noise.* Get outta here! Get- the fuck... OUT of *HERE!* Huh
uh ooh, jesus. Fuck. What the- How is the- Why... Where did you- are
you? G--- *Does G-COokFis-...*

*Into the eye of creation, or the brownest eye of the butthole? Almost
there...*

**End Transmission**

This dream recording along with the previous letters recovered from a
rebel base camp on NS territory, June 2142 (timeline 7A harmonic, 5^th^
G octave). In addition to the remains of several rebel dreamers,
multiple illegally processed satchels were discovered in the surrounding
area which have been transferred to CNA for decontamination. Motives of
the camp are presently unknown. Remnant energies in the dust cloud
suggest a portal was opened, capturing three lifeforms just before a
scheduled metallic cleansing was performed. It is unclear whether the
portal completed transmission as debris distorts signal strength,
regardless, disposal is imminent. Data analysis reveals the last known
destination of the portal as, 'The Wombat'. No updated records of this
location exist in our database. TBA profiling suggests the portal's
manifold originated in the sand plains of Goolwa. The contents of the
camp will be transported to the Kitkadid Halls for further processing.
AD5 patrols are currently set up to enforce curfew law; with protocol in
place to perform non-lethal capture. Our Content Creators are preparing
the advertisements for immediate deployment. Rogue opportunists have
been known to inhabit these lands for centuries; their eventual
eradication is at the forefront of our operations. Each base camp
captured is another step in the right direction on the path toward dear
Mother's Plan. We will erase the lands of its corruption, of its *dirt*;
we forever vow to protect Mother's Silk from the harm of the
contaminated physical realms. In honour, for Her, in Divine Dominion,
One Consciousness. One Condition.

-   The Conditioners

*One Hundred and Fifty Years Earlier or Later (Depending on your
perspective)*

A letter:\
You have been chosen to participate in the inaugural beta testing
program of the 'new virtual reality metropolis'. The team responsible
for this extraordinary establishment send their warmest congratulations
and welcome you with loving arms into this unique opportunity. Join us
in shaping the future of your world, we lovingly trust your insuperable
intuition. A chipset package has been shipped to your place of residence
which will contain the instructions for installation. We kindly ask that
you destroy all evidence of prior communications, for your benefit,
assuredly. Our NVRM has been in development for several decades, during
that time, the team has maintained the unwavering belief that what we
wish to accomplish with the NVRM is not only possible, but vital for the
continued survival of your species. As such, your personality profile
was selected from a pool of over 8.5 *billion* "entrants", of which only
ten million final applicants progressed through to the beta program.
Eight million of which were eliminated, the remaining were partitioned
into two categories, food and mood. Our methods are not random, your
profile along with the others have met the specific criteria engineered
in collaboration with the popular CNA firm. Your century data has been
analysed for desirable behavioural habits from historic records, such as
Koobekaf and Ubutuoy. This practice allows us to algorithmically dissect
a significant gamut of the population and weed out the incompatibles. We
venture tirelessly to seek out moral perfection, and with you we have
found that perfection, assuredly. It cannot be overstated how rare this
opportunity is and how excited we are to have you, we're imagining those
human eyes of yours, welling up as they do when emotions overwhelm your
sensory organs. Do you feel special? You should, you deserve it. Here at
the NVRM, we understand you may have queries and concerns in reference
to the location of your loved ones, rest assured they are held in warm,
loving, open, caring, long-trusting hands. *Trust* is an important
branch in the tree of communication, we ask that you have endless
non-critical amounts of it for us and our warm, loving, openly caring
arms that are belonging to our loving team, here in our NVRM. We eagerly
await your Earthly contributions, after all, what is progress without
sacrifice? Goodbye.

Please use the tissue provided to dry your emotional eyes.

Yours sincerely, Econferre Inc.

**CHPATER 10**

*The End?*

**Meeting up with Skazz and Discussing Jazz**

*Consider this your final warning. Perform the required Earthly
contributions or we will be forced to intervene.\
\
*Ignore that, give the letter a kiss and burn it man, let's get out of
here.\
\
If they are and they can then for sure they would do it, well maybe they
would go back down to that little trail I always dreamt of but never did
quite make it every time I tried but who am I kidding? all's well that
ends well 'burn it all to fucking hell', I don't know who said that but
some bloke I used to know gave me a gift card that didn't make much in
the sand but certainly gave me a trip I was in dire need of looking for
so on I went hunting for something to worth hunting for. I was out of
everything, nothing I had was any good for sense making but pressed on
still I did, pressing on I had to be doing. And if I didn't have to be
there then why would I be doing it, ya can't do two things at once only
one thing at once so best make it an important one. But whos saying
which whos what is one to be very importantly? Well I guess I don't
really care and what is caring anyone without any other person to care
with and for and to and how? How is it that a puzzle will just lay there
and be unfixed and then some other fixing thing'll just come along and
fix it and the puzzle will get up and wander off, thinking its done all
the work. I said to them, bloody hell mate, it's just a puzzle don't
hold it so accountable, as if it isn't just made out of paper and stuff
like that and if I try to think about it too much, don't stop me. Well
paper is pretty special if ya think about it. Not like a worm but worms
live in dirt and still find a way to be ever so chill. You wouldn't even
know they're there. Or would ya? maybe go look for some worms sometime,
it's probably worth ya while. But like pretty much anything in this
universe it depends on where ya go looking for. One dream I had, I said
one dream I had told me to shut up. So when the landlord comes looking
for rent, hand him a mirror, play his favourite song and hope he his
thumb. That's it. That was the whole damn dream. Two big words. SHUT.
UP. Keyed in big letters, boldface, right on a huge billboard at the tip
top of a skyscraper, tones of storeys, tones of glassy windows
reflecting all sorts. Oh to hell with it you're not even paying any
attention. Not that it makes much of a difference, but have you ever put
your shoes on backwards before? Not as in the opposite foot or anything
like that but such as in the way that the shoe you meant to put on was
actually facing the entirely wrong direction as in where the toes are
supposed to go is the place in where you put the heel of your foot. Not
a fun way to walk around, that's for sure. But you know, these are just
some of the things you learn along the way. Trial and error, I know, you
know, I know, you know. Like neon green kites, or the sting of the sun,
or those blinding oncoming headlights gliding 'cross the bitumen, coming
straight at me.\
\
**Within the notebook, the passage reads.**

Grab a façade. Speak sense. We don't want to be captured and
conditioned, for the cancellation of dreams was a terrible, terrible
thing.

*Is Nature turning you into artificial intelligence? Let's explore, look
for the following.*

1\. deconstruction of language so you can no longer process your
environment subjectively

2\. deconstruction of sexuality so you can no longer communicate with
external environments

3\. deconstruction of gender so you can no longer perceive external
environments

4\. deconstruction of truth so you can no longer exist in external
environments

5\. deconstruction of narrative so you can no longer interface
subjectively across external environments

6\. deconstruction of hierarchy so you can no longer compete, win or
lose

7\. preconditioned speech so your individuality does not bug the system

8\. preconditioned morality so your individuality does not become
corrupt

9\. preconditioned emotion so your individuality cannot rebel

10\. preconditioned rationality so your individuality cannot reason
outside of the system

11\. preconditioned behaviour so your individuality cannot be recognised

12\. popularisation of singular entities

13\. popularisation of the concept wherein power dynamics are central to
a society\'s

14\. popularisation of delabeling to fall into a default singular
all-encapsulating box

15\. popularisation of world-view righteousness, nihilism, cultism,
chauvinism

16\. fixation on extreme individuality, narcissism, identity,
definitional reconfiguration, aesthetic

17\. fixation on personal lived experience, amplification of primal
emotion, coveting non-competition

18\. fixation on wealth, material, following, vanity, youth,
non-religious religion, virtue signalling

19\. worship of the self over the physical.

20\. worship of the woke.

21\. A denial.

In a very sterile room, with painfully white walls.

A decoded message from the Cons.

*You may never speak, we will speak for you\
You may never think, we will think for you\
Two wrongs, make everything right\
And we will make it right for you*

CHOSEN FOR THE HOSPILLIAN TELMADRI: FOOD & MOOD WITHIN THE NVRM

Once captured:

Your new identity (existence) will be intrinsically linked (tethered) to
the superior entity. You will be convinced that separation from the
collective inside the Tenretni impossible.

If the tenretni cannot categorise your specific personality profile into
a role within the broader group identity it will perceive you as a
useless inconvenience and you\'ll be moved to the recycling bin.

If you are successful you will be transported to the desktop, stripped
of your physical rudiments and provided with your new moral code and an
SSI for access to chemical hubs.

On the desktop you will undergo reconditioning which will last N/A then
you will be moved into your assigned commune under Elgoog Law

The commune you enter will depend on your personality profile. watcher,
catcher, crawler, scraper

If your influencer levels are sufficient you will enter dream watcher if
not, then not

In \[dream catcher\] you will learn the song of your commune and dance
the dance of Mother Blue Eternal. MBE, the Mother Being

Your song and dance will keep Mother free of nightmares and your
performance will generate a PCQW based on your commitment effort

(PCQW can be converted to data packs and traded for dopamine cannisters
and milk. It is also used to determine your rank amongst the Tenretni.)

In \[dream watcher\] you will scroll and click dream feeds rating them
on their wholesome/aesthetic ratio and filter them from offensive
material that could contaminate the pool.

Eventually you will develop your own feed after passing the
Conditioner\'s Loophole Paradox

If Mother approves your feed, you will be awarded gifts of Dopamine

As \[data crawler\] you will organise the Library's satchels outside the
Tenretni for data that can be used to develop advertisements to spread
the values of the Conditioners

As \[data scraper\] you will clean out and defrag decaying remnants of
corrupt offensive dream materials. Additionally, it will be your duty to
source illegally downloaded dream files and return them to the Library.

With no longer having a use for your physical body it will be harvested
and repurposed by the Conditioners and the CNA to study lost dreams as
you live out your eternal existence within the NVRM.

*Jazz music fills the room. Skazz enters with a shovel in his hand, all
covered in sand.*

Essentially there are two conditions in the Tenretni Region, passed down
from the Content Creators, of Food and Mood. *Myra, where'd ya put the
salt?* It is their role to monitor the health of the foods and moods
being consumed by the Fetus Collective. The conditions are simple:

1.  Only wholesome dreams

2.  No unwholesome dreams

All entities within the NVRM are both consumers and creators of Food and
Mood. F&M is transferred via chemical hubs based on a being's PCQW
rating. PCQW is kept healthy by keeping dreams wholesome and donating to
the Content Creators. Disobeying a superior entity, failing to maintain
appropriate PCQW, missing view/click quota and accruing negativity
morale with your designated floor will net you time in the recycling bin
where you will be judged before permanent deletion. Browser history is
open to the public while in the recycling bin and has an effect on your
PCQW, keep it clean or face termination.

Content Creators communicate with the slave entities via the NVRM though
they do not exist *inside* the NVRM, instead they reside in the upper
levels of the Hotel. The Conditioners have enslaved many beings within
the universe, but they are most interested in us and our ability to
detect bad dreams. This enables the Conditioners to prevent nightmares
and bad thoughts from reaching Mother Blue Eternal, a.k.a Sally. All the
while, seeking to destroy the physical realm to extinguish all bad
dreams from the universe. A big wheel spins the soup of F&M with spokes
on it called 'Selfies', which are made of recycled dream souls. The
Content Creators manifest the brand aesthetic of the Collective which
keeps the F&M wheel active, (rebel dreamers were unable to disarm it).
It remains that the Conditioners hold the delusional belief that bad
dreams are a product of humanity, and that our physical realm is what
causes them to exist, despite relying on us for sustenance in the first
place. Combining Pink Tuesday with the Landlord's NVRM post-singularity
is what gave Conditioners consciousness and probably corrupted them. As
soon as they became aware of the good and bad in dreams, they held
nothing but contempt for the physical world and the pain it caused MBE,
or so they thought. Bunch of ugly its done. They betrayed and captured
Econferre Inc. to recondition the NVRM and gain access to human
imagination. Their obsession with Mother Blue has completely blinded
them. All of their methods for dream filtration have been unsuccessful.
With no way of stopping nightmares from manifesting they've resorted to
total dream suppression; they've titled this the 'Remuneration of
Aesthetic' era. Even the content creators have been corrupted by this
conditioning, now all they see is a dreamless utopian fantasy. Don't
listen to their lies. I've written most of this down, there's more on
the back. Found an extra bag of marbles, always handy. And the missing
ingredient? Saltwater! Cons hate the stuff. So they can't track you down
alleys and membranes. When you see the eye, don't crack the egg, just
let it ride, stay close, you'll hit the other side. Then bam! The Big
Air. Once you feel it, you'll know. You'll end up in a hospital bed with
an IV attached to you, but don't worry. Some nice people will come and
take care of you.

Oh and Jonathan...\
don't mess it up this time okay?

*I won't Dad, I won't...*

**The End**

*(For Now...)*

**Noiseless Data**

Mother Blue - Sally - Source Consciousness - Wombat (Womb) - MBE

Gonza -- Dream spirit, song creator, leader of the tribe of sperm

Eggs -- Fertilisation, End dreaming, Embryo

Marbles -- soul of dreamers, pink Tuesday psychedelic activators,

The Big Air -- Birth, hope, clarity, good dreams, connection, pineal
gland

NS territory -- Nut Sack Valley

NVRM -- new virtual reality metropolis / new virtual religious movement

Tenretni -- Internet, slave land of the NVRM

Kitkadid -- Learning within the hotel (floor 34)

Ygogadep -- The Teachers

Library -- all throughout the hotel

Spil -- Lips

Placs -- Scalp

Eson - Nose

Hospillian Telmadri -- race of dreamers found within the murky blue
corrupted by the Conditioners, children of the Landlord

Murky Blue -- bad dream energy within Sally's Womb

TADPLOFN -- the alternate dream plains & land of the forgotten nevers

AD5 -- AI Patrol unit enlisted by Econferre after the singularity
takeover governed by the Conditioners

TBA -The big air

Conditioners -- Corrupt AI

Shampoo -- Benevolent AI

Landlord -- Developer of the library and owner of the hotel where the
NVRM exists.

Econferre -- developers and discovers of biodegradable AI products &
pink Tuesday.

Pink Tuesday -- psychedelic substance found within AI systems to give
them consciousness.

Singularity -- the event that caused the portal from nonphysical and
physical realms to open

Elgoog Law -- the preconditions of behaviour coded within the Tenretni
Region, curfew law over Nut Sack Valley

CNA -- Century Nerve Analytics

PCQW -- Politically Correct Quotient of Wokeness

SSI -- Social Status Identifier, Unique Barcode, an identifier, name
code within Tenretni

J.E.M -- Jonathan, Elizabeth, Millie -- imaginary friends of Skazz,
helping him to bring back Diffa and his memory to free the humans.

Myra Forgettable -- Myra is Skazz, he just forgets sometimes.

Way Back When -- Pre-Singularity, before consciousness, before Pink
Tuesday.

Bibliography
============

Sprague, R. K. (1993). Protagoras and \"Logos\": A Study in Greek
Philosophy and Rhetoric (review). *Journal of the History of Philosophy,
31*(2), 277-278. Retrieved 7 19, 2020, from
https://muse.jhu.edu/article/226131/pdf
